especially on moderate where the attacks are constant . 
i put this on my hair and flat ironed it and my hair looked drier than sand paper . 
i open almost exclusively very small cans of tomato paste with this thing without any problems . 
it s made with durable plastic ,  and the opening it has for the usb port comes in handy a lot . 
i fried catfish in the frydaddy and it came out perfect . 
since their price is three times that they are about the worst value in headphones . 
i can be typing on my computer and talking to somebody as if they were right there . 
this case is one of my daughters favorites . 
it s been a couple of years now and it still works like new !  good stuff . 
just had to give it the personal touch . 
they don t have to be greased ,  sprayed ,  or lined with parchment paper . 
i cannot find patterns to solve the problem . 
i thought i had every piece i needed until i saw this little skillet . 
really does what it s advertised to do and at a reasonable price . 
i had to add a comment after reading the other reviews . 
i have waited over a year for this ,  and now ,  i am disapointed . 
this one is the best one for the price . 
i absolutely love this set of squeeze bottles . they make sandwich making an absolute breeze . 
i received the memorex num_extend as a father s day present . 
it cleans up easily and does it s job . 
one of mine actually started leaking today and it is only a couple years old . 
i just ordered some and can t wait to be tan ! good luck !  . 
finely detailed ,  distressed leather ,  soft suede lining ,  three compartments not including inside pocket . 
i thought that this would be a good filler in between other games ,  but it s just horrible . 
holds the lids and sits in the pot and makes it easier to get the lids !  . 
with my phone it still looks red ,  not black and red . 
this is a very nice case for the money . 
but with the last two orders she absolutely refused to touch it . 
as anyone that truly suffers from migraines knows ,  it can be very difficult to find any type of remedy . 
i always had issues with shower curtains ripping and was replacing them once a month . 
i don t particularly care for the smell either . 
fortunately ,  my otterbox case fits my phone perfectly . 
when you toast bread it toasts quicker and evenly  no dark spot in the center and lighter ends  . 
this scraper s spoon shape makes it perfect for so many kitchen tasks . 
i called the support number ,  and the support representative dutifully ran down her checklist . 
replacement bowl $ i buy this machine again ?  definitely yes . 
this was my second purchase of this item and now i have two . 
we loved ours so much ,  we purchased one for our son as well . 
if memory serves ,  i believe that one was a different brand ,  maybe a mirro . 
it has a good recessed lid and the pan is nice and heavy . 
i also own a num_extend lodge dutch oven . 
i tried three of them ,  on three machines . 
i paid $ for this after discounts and free shipping . 
the handle discolors a bit after a lot of use but it still all works great . 
by this definition ,  all rechargeable batteries would be  solar  . 
i got one of these around num_num months ago and now it is not working . 
the clips are very small and stylish ,  so they accomplish my specific purpose quite nicely . 
love this product !  !  i bought this num_num years ago for college . 
i m getting a basic voice plan ,  num_num messages ,  and a generous data bundle all for $ per month . 
the cuispro grater is poor quality and poor design . 
some things are great values ,  others are cheap . 
on the other hand ,  this candy tastes absolutely repulsive . 
num_num screen protectors !  !  !  !  this is a great buy ,  very good price also to protect your screen . 
it might just be a fluke ,  but be warned that this might be a problem . 
it has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically . 
its identical to the one that came with my phone . 
while there are a few smooth surfaces near the driver s seat ,  they re all just a bit too small . 
so much more useful than the thin metal tongs . 
a little bulky as is common for flip phones . 
i had very bad acne once upon a time and would break out underneath my eyebrows . 
i can only imagine that the nocturne engine is  inexpensive  to license . 
i got this about a day after i ordered it ,  loved the fast service . 
the motor burned out on that one in no time . 
it works so smoothly like the internal flash drive . 
this is a very good mobile device holder . 
instead i lay it on top of the trash itself ,  turn it over and then gently tap it . 
voice coil burned up with a num_num watt bridged kenwood amp . 
i ordinarily have between a half bar and num_num bars of signal at my location . 
for me ,  this was a waste of a lot of money for something my dog hates . 
they are significantly better than anything out there . 
judging from the thickness of the dzitronic case cover . 
directions say to interrupt your computer from automatically finding and installing a driver ,  and to use the included cd . 
when i put it on ,  it fit so wrong . 
it tastes  raw  if you eat this without toasting them . 
with the prime shipping delivering this straight to my door ,  this became an excellent value . 
the size expanders have a wide range and should be able to accomodate all phones . 
this not so tech savvy num_num something enjoys the apps and conveninece . 
it is small though so if you make a lot of gravy you ll have to refill it often . 
for a small sweeper it has good power and the price was reasonable . 
i would say that jarrows works ,  and that now does not ,  at least for me . 
i ve tried cleaning it and manually adjusting the tracking ,  to no avail . 
this is a pretty basic cleaner ,  but works well . 
nyx has a very similar product for a fraction of the cost . 
i do have problems with certain large headphones having difficulties inserting the headphone jack into the phone . 
do yourself a favor and try something else . 
the seiko watch on the other hand is a great self winding watch . 
these work fine ,  i haven t had any issues with them falling over ,  they look great ,  they function perfectly and . 
i ll try and not repeat what others have said . 
then the toy came in the mail from amazon . 
a game that will give people the much needed time and patience to put a move on their opponent . 
my callers report they hear me loud and clear . 
ie ,  they give you num_num alcohol pads to wipe down your dash or window for a better hold . 
i cook every day and need a sturdy utensil . 
wonderful since it helps keeps my screen clean . 
enough of that she said . i would never have replaced the mechanism if it wasn t for her . 
for a small investment ,  sunscreens may offer the possibility of sun burn ,  pain ,  cancer ,  medical bills ,  pain killers ,  etc . 
i got this for my wife for christmas and she absolutely loves it . 
i ve always hated sticking my hands in dough ,  but i rarely have to now . 
buy a screen protector if you want to prevent hairline scratches . 
on the brush it looks super bright but once i placed it on my lashed you couldn t see anything . 
the worst part is the grate .  .  . not sure what else to call it . 
i did notice build up and that my scalp felt  heated  while applying . 
the design is very sturdy and doesn t look bad . 
that is ,  of course ,  something that will only be evident with time . 
for instance ,  let s say you start a tournament with liu kang and you have the game on easy mode . 
the whole camera area is cut out and exposed  which i prefer  . 
the noodles have that slimy ,  clumpy appearance that many microwavable noodle products suffer from . 
the instructions says you have to use one hand and place the luggage on the side . 
it is marketed as having a num_num cup capacity for ap flour when making dough . 
if you re looking at this item ,  get it . 
they got a bit sore after listening for a couple of hours . 
i needed replacement soles for my uggs but these did not work . 
screws do not need a pilot hole when attaching to a pine cupboard door . 
these are very attractive little  mittens  for your cast iron handles . 
should ve taken heed from the previous reviews but i really wanted to make this work for an event . 
i m writing this the morning after getting my set from amazon . 
i love the blue tooth and i couldn t be happier . 
i use this skillet all the time ,  greate for everyting . 
it doesn t give much air and all the air you get you need to be close to feel . 
so don t fool yourself about what level of quality is actually possible in this price range . 
i thought danskin was a better brand ,  but maybe the design is intentional . 
leaves tons of air pockets you can t get out ,  and edges you can t get to stay out . 
i ll wait until someone comes out with one that is both thin and durable . 
the ss bowl snaps in solid and the handles and switches also feel solid . 
i live day to day by my debit card . 
when we got ours ,  the latest firmware was already months old ,  and they haven t updated it since . 
certainly i ve bought other brands ,  and i hadn t bought a bali in a while . 
how have i lived this long without one of theses . 
my inkjet is not postscript ,  so i have to return this . 
my puppy wouldn t go near it so to me it was a waste of money . 
the audio is pretty mundane with japanese audio tracks to cover the horrible english voice actresses . 
then you ll notice the acai benefits ,  if you didn t feel them before . 
also .  ,  it is plastic or something ,  not hair type bristles . 
if you own nothing else for garlic cooking . 
most important to me .  .  . all the blocks with the pic of an elephant are misspelled and read  elerhant  . 
overall very satisfied with the set of num_num product and price !  . 
buying the precut ones makes much more sense to me !  . 
i love these cutting boards .  .  . they are great for daily usage . 
delicousi am going to buy another for my mom and would definately recommend to anyone . 
i m sure it would have been great had it worked . 
they fit my table perfectly and have been out in the elements since mid july ,  no rust or anything . 
these stylus are an awesome value and work well on phones and tablets . 
here on amazon ,  this was too expensive for this . 
what more can i say about a pizza wheel ?  yes ,  very sharp and does the job very well . 
so when i bought my new sig sauer num_num tac ops i ordered a forbus holster . 
more of a shovel ,  than a rake imo . 
i especially like the wide handles ,  which makes it so easy to hold while they are hot . 
this caused the water to not be able to go up the straw . 
they re great looking cases but ours lasted less than num_num months . 
i m surprised no one has sued the company for manufacturing this awkward ,  uncomfortable ,  dangerous product . 
it s definitely not top of the line but it absolutely does the job at a economical price . 
the seams fell apart on the thumbs ,  also down the sides . 
worse than not having anything under my eye shadows . 
the cover for the headphone jack does not stay shut . 
they make much more reliable mice and i never had a problem with them . 
this was a toy purchased for my boston terrier puppy . 
this does not happen with any of my bluetooth headsets . 
this was a bad purchase ,  after using a month for water ,  something grew on the stainless inside wall . 
when i was incarcerated in a mexican prison ,  this was the only drink in the joint . 
when you start doing heavy squats ,  deadlifts ,  rack pulls ,  and overhead presses ,  you realize the flaws in this belt . 
all previous mills suffered from similar problems which oxo has solved . in maryland ,  humidity is always a problem for peppermills . 
the kit has a disappearing scarf trick that uses a magic bag . 
i cleaned it thinking that maybe that would help ,  but to no avail . 
a ridge that can get caught on things when you put the phone in your pocket or purse . 
the cakes always come out clean and beautiful and the pans wash great in the dishwasher . 
the num_num cup capacity refers exclusively to all purpose flour . 
it s basically like having a digital pocket notepad . 
the cards come to life similar to baten kaitos ,  and phantasy star online num_extend
i like this bra except for the fact the back part looks wadded after you wear it awhile . 
the screen protector was included and the vendor shipped the item very promptly . 
i m big on scents and this product does not do it for me . 
the other had a red charge light and no light when done  consistency issues perhaps ?   . 
first of all ,  it is black and less bulky than the stock picture  see posted customer image instead  . 
the thing comes apart very easily and i had no trouble brushing it clean . 
at first i was excited .  .  . but when i played it .  .  . oh boy . 
this chopper is great for small jobs such as chopping up garlic or onions . 
so ,  i repaired it and it has lasted longer than it did when it came out of the box . 
it took me a little while to figure out the syncing software . 
with this ,  if you want it to do more ,  you have to buy additional items . 
i am sure the video was correct ,  but it did not help . 
it s really dry and scratchy on your skin . 
while the blade cuts nicely and does its job ,  the construction left a lot to be desired . 
during editing ,  it should be possible to speed up and slow down the playback . 
 why aren t companies held accountable for this type of behavior ?   there s simply no excuse for this . 
i usually bake cornbread in my num_extend cast iron skillet but thought this would be a nice variation . 
i can now get more than a full days use out of my phone without worry . 
i had this model many years ago but ended up selling it . 
i was also mystified by the mostly favorable ,  but the occasional very negative review . 
this chopping and slicing knife cuts thru even tough veggies like butter . 
the knob on top makes it especially nice and easy to use . 
tried these out and found i now use them all the time . 
not necessarily a bad thing if the product is supported . 
bounty should just go back to your high quality product we purchased for years . 
i do not want to shave all the hair off ,  just trim . 
set up is difficult and the instructions are not explained well . 
from soupy to chunky to gelatinous and forged ahead with all three . 
i had trouble sleeping on days when i took it . 
wish i hadn t of bought a num_num pack . 
white cheddar used to be my favorite kernel season s flavor before i learned how to read ingredient labels carefully . 
i bought it after researching the phone online . 
music appreciation ?  ?  whatever .  bubble scrubber  :  the one redeeming game on this cartridge . 
when it came time to add accessories ,  i did next to no homework . 
so i thought i had to use earbuds . 
amazon had the filter and with my prime shipping was a breeze . 
the fan blows upward in a diagonal directions in num_num degrees . 
this filter is strong and very quiet ,  but with one big problem !  the end keeps falling off . 
after you use it just let it cool and wipe it off with a wet paper towel . 
i am not worry because my son never put stuffs into his mouth but other kids may . 
many times when you talk ,  it will not respond . 
the under plate is wood and offers protection from the heat . 
these filters are teh oem replacement for your bunn num_num cup home coffee brewer . 
she was just trying to play . and third ,  the door hinge to open the camper falls off too easily . 
this cream did not help me with anything . 
can hear great with them on my samsung phone and the charge lasts a long time . 
i love it i love it !  and not just for the normal cakes and cookies . 
i subsequently purchased a battery from bto ,  inc . 
i bought a small flexees to wear under a tight dress . 
this company needs to get their quality control act together . 
i purchased two of these kits to use ,  simply as an amusement . 
perhaps this is just a defect and not a seller issue . 
i bought my num_extend when it first came out . 
it works great and does not feel like its a $ product . 
and to add insult to injury ,  you can t return it to the store once you ve opened it . 
for fruit pop recipes ,   top pops  by emily zaiden is far better . 
my husband dropped one the first night and gave one of the pans their first  ding  . 
there are two size holes for straining and two size pouts for pouring . 
do not buy this soap !  it burns and dries your skin like crazy . 
i tried it and it didnt work for me like it did others . 
love tree protector case for lg optimus s num_extend a miraculous day . 
well it is a breeze and very easy to clean . 
it s significantly cooler in here since we plugged in this fan . 
which makes impossible to tuning derailleur . for the price ,  this is one of the cheapest bike stand i found . 
you can t beat this cleaner for the price . 
they last a long time to ,  on my personal galaxy captivate ,  it s lasted about num_num months . 
i love this stuff !  you can never have enough pyrex around the house . 
henckels makes several series of knives and the num_num star is top notch . 
if this is your first spyro experience ,  you probably wont be as dissapointed  except for the bugs  . 
i would advise to never set burner on high . 
after using it just one time ,  i realized what a mistake i made by not buying this one . 
i can see putting a pair of jeans and almost nothing num_extend
when i hooked it up ,  it didn t connect . 
they were smooth ,  uniform in color ,  and not the least bit lopsided . 
it fits in the laptop dock without having to take the case off . 
never ever ever buy card board scratch pads . 
care for it as recommended ,  and it will truly last a lifetime . 
however .  .  . while it s a great looking watch ,  sadly ,  this watch has been given away due to its ludicrous ticking . 
it had the highest rating and the lowest price . 
you might want to check soemthing else out for your i phone . 
i ve tried many breadmakers on the market and really can t complain about this one for the price . 
there are no real symptoms besides its hot sides ,  but it dies after that . 
i ve had a set of these for about num_num years . 
had a different model olive oil sprayer before that came apart after four or five years . 
she has had no issues with the thing melting or falling apart . 
i thought that this case was super cute ,  and was excited to get it . 
if they had such a good product why did they change it into a piece of garbage . 
fantastic pan !  don t know how i got along without it . 
this is the second time i purchased this item and the first one was chewed to bits . 
i got frozen peas right pretty quick ,  though . 
it doesnt matter what the screen resolution says ,  the iphone image is more contrasty and pops from the screen . 
we do a lot of drying of veggies and fruit . 
finally ,  i found what i was looking for . 
it is worth every penny i paid for it . 
add a little sugar ,  vanilla ,  and cocoa powder and you ve got chocolate whipped cream . 
i ve cleaned it in the dishwasher multiple times and so far there s no rusting . 
my first loaf was a soggy ,  compact ,  num_num inch high reject with no browning on the top crust . 
belkin rotating charger and chargesynctruth be told ,  i don t own an iphone or ipod that requires the chargesync cable . 
this unit is quiet considering the power ,  runs smooth ,  and is so easy to use . 
you will be chasing gold coins down for the most part . there just isn t enough to this game . 
this looks more like a cat toy than a dog toy . 
i am disappointed in this fun house three way mirror . 
also ,  let the grill heat up num_num min before use ,  as per the directions . 
the spray is even worse ,  a real waste of my time and cash . 
finally ,  i had a means of randomly playing num_num of my favorite songs without having to use my computer . 
i d already read reviews about jade cocoon num_extend so i knew it wouldn t be like the original . 
i started out reading all the num_num star reviews   as we all do  . 
i have used it to listen to music as well ,  and it is pretty amazing . 
just pop it into the microwave and it s done !  definitely recommend !  . 
the only problem i have out of the box is how slippery this is on a granite counter top . 
i work in grocery business and i am moving all the time . 
i can t blame them completely because i bumped them into the stock . 
she tore though it after num_num minutes and it is ruined ans useless . 
i ve found that when i cook brown rice i have to add more water than the instructions say . 
as with any canning you must check your seal after canning . 
imp num_extend itorchthis is a top notch num_num out of num_num star product . 
i own several usa made revere pots and pans from the num_extend and they are wonderful . 
i tried it and i don t care for it . 
just the size i have been waiting to purchase . 
bought this to bake my artisan breads in and cannot wait to use it . 
i m worried that i could get a uti from the scent if i wear them . 
in essence ,  this is perfect for my application . 
i like how this one is shaped and i really like the color and i like all the pockets . 
only num_num grams of protein per bar which isn t enough to justify the ingredients or bad taste . 
my case broke at that span after a few months of use . 
i was surprised at how much flex there were in the wires as well . 
unlike many routers this one doesn t allow you to navigate to num_extend and punch in your important info . 
it breezes through ice and anything else i put in there . 
the enamel is nice and think; no worries about it chipping under normal use . 
the tape is way too thick for safe use in my view . 
it isn t heavy like the other nordic ware pans i own . 
this is a simple phone with a good signal . 
i bought a wooden toy hoping for long term durability but this was not the case . 
i ll give two more days  for two weeks  and request a charge back on my card . 
the black base of the jar is easy to unscrew and pull out from the jar for easy cleaning . 
why couldn t anco simply replicate the two squeeze buttons ? this blade has a really large spoiler over the spine . 
i got what i paid for which was a crap product . 
as a matter of fact ,  i m restarting my career on mw just so i can forget carbon . 
by including so many ages ,  it spread itself to thin to greatly capture the essense of any particular age . 
my husband saw me struggling to open it and offered to open it for me . 
i just got these num_num days back for my dad . 
i would have returned the products  i bought two  but it is too much of a hassle . 
i ve had none of those problems with this capresso . 
i have been very impressed on the quality of the circulon cookware i purchased . 
as a qa personnel myself ,  i noticed markings on both batteries where they have been installed and removed . 
even chopped block chocolate melts and mixes without issue . 
one of the other parties was on a lousy speaker phone . 
this heats up water fast and stays clean . 
who doesn t love the simpsons ?  i certainly do !  !  i watch all their episodes  new and old  . 
i ordered a second one for him to use at work . 
it dose not glow different when the blackberry is in it to know if it is charging or charged . 
i am kind of a freak about things rusting . 
i can see this lasting us for years to come . 
great for bringing life back to dull knives . 
the product was of very good quality better than expected . 
for big jobs ,  i head for the food processor . 
hang one of the longest pots or pans . 
it was suggested that i get a white noise machine . 
the case is easy to put on and take off so that is a plus . 
i vomit when i think of this product . 
the bass is reduced ,  that s the reason ,  it does not blur even at high volumes . 
i needed a replacement usb cord for my digital camera . 
this is only an ok shampoo + conditioner . 
it picks up only one station where i am at work . 
however ,  the very first day in my pocket with these new screen protectors ,  it came out with scratches . 
i ve had it now for probably a year ,  and now it s nice and smooth . 
i search around when looking for a new waffle iron . 
i am very disappointed in this product !  !  first of all it s way too small . 
pretty good value ,  and very good quality at this price . 
i figured that as long as i had a working burner ,  i would have coffee . 
ready ! the only feature i miss is a timer . 
put only num_num tablets in a bottles  i started noticing deterioration at about one num_extend
it s an abomination to the license and one of the worst games ever created in the history of nintendo . 
now ,  i have the jack of all hammers ,  and everything looks like a nail . the device works exactly as advertised . 
the quality of keds has deteriorated sooo much recently . 
with enough oil in the batter ,  the grid comes totally clean . 
no problem so far ,  connected to the phone with no problem . 
the only negative thing i would say is the port is a little flimsy ,  it gets weak after while . 
these screen protectors work very well ,  i can t even tell it s on . 
when the remote is working properly is works well . 
my zojirushi is simple to clean because the top silver filter enclosure is very easily removable from the body . 
made a few calls ,  and nobody had any issue hearing me . 
one would expect to see some results at least halfway through the bottle . 
while she likes to play it with it ,  it has some significant draw backs . 
plus ,  we are finding that because it doesn t have the good grill flavor ,  we are avoiding it . 
this was a replacement for a krupps processor and i only used it num_num times . 
i have num_num of each of those left ,  a cranbran blueberrybran ,  appleberry ,  and chocolate fig . 
it is well made and easy to clean out . 
i know this is a low cost product ,  it should at least work . 
a switch enables you to spray mixed detergent solution ,  or plain water . 
this mask also restricted air flow through my nose . 
in a steady light rain it leaked like a sieve . 
personally ,  i don t like having to replace a tool over and over again . 
you can also insure the headset with squaretrade warranties for like $
i was a bit hesitant about ordering this because some reviewers were not happy . 
the price was cheap but the picture quality was very poor . 
you can brush some oil or pam on them before baking . 
you won t be disappointed with this krups quality !  . 
if you have very dry skin that does not break out then you may like this . 
that way a new infection won t get the chance to start . 
we purchased this coffeemaker form amazon four years ago ,  in num_extend
blood tests may indicate kidney failure  increased urea nitrogen and creatinine  . 
i would have to say to be careful and try on one that is not important . 
the problem is i ve had to replace mine about num_num times because water gets into the battery compartment . 
thinking about returning it but dreaded by the hassle . not worth a dime . 
but they failed big time with this puzzle rack . 
today ,  i realize dim was most likely causing some very weird ,  scary headaches ,  swollen eye s  ,  and blurry vision . 
mine would not boot because the card used too much energy . 
i handwash and it is easy to clean . 
the legs cant sit tje knees dont bend and the wig is only looks good on the pink side . 
what is there really to say about something like this except that it serves the purpose well . 
now that i have i suppose i ll have to sell it in an attemp to recoup something . 
rounded sides leading to a small flat bottom . 
they also seem to stay charged longer than my old pair . 
i used to own one of these and literally wore it out . 
 see my video review s  .   this is longer and has a tip more suited to sliding across the screen . 
the stains come out and the carpet is left almost dry . 
the only good this knife had was how sharp the blade was . 
the grill heats up evenly all the way around ,  which is nice . 
wish i needed another one so i could buy another one !  . 
some reviewers have mentioned that the handles bend too easily . 
it only works for me if i physically hold it in the outlet otherwise it shuts off . 
in spite of the short talk time ,  i prefer the stone over the plantronics num_extend
experts will tell you that whipping egg whites and cream at a slower speed results in greater finished volume . 
hopefully just a glitch that is fixed now . 
this may be anomaly of the verizon variant of the iphone num_extend
this whisk seems fancy and expensive ,  but my cheap whisks work much better . 
considering these retail typically at $ this is a great value . 
it s easy to clean and looks nice enough to put on the table . 
use these and the first time you ll be kicking yourself you didn t get it sooner . 
give it a few weeks of daily use ,  and i am sure you will be happy you did . 
i wanted a set of nice cookware and decided to start with this set . 
love the color too !  will probably get another one sometime . 
the pump whined away for a while ,  but nothing came out of the nozzle . 
i went mad when i first saw this amazing cassarole . 
it didn t die instantly ,  but in the stages of a few days . 
i bought this product along with natural calm  which i started with  . 
like anything new ,  it took some time for me to really become a pro at using it . 
you do battle with these elements as well . 
when i emailed customer support about an rma number ,  they said to format the card which i did . 
the handle is comfortable , and the scraper head is a smooth silicone so it is very easy to clean . 
the oil spray will give out the most smoke ,  although it hasn t set off our smoke alarm yet . 
an essential and useful item for the health conscious cook . 
it would be impossible not to love it !  . 
place ground coffee in the gold plated permanent coffee filter . 
these are very well written and laugh out loud funny . 
when you get everything set up ,  it will work to amplify whatever signal you normally get . 
my bf has complained it hurts his ear but this may be fixed by changing the insert . 
it always seems like when i need it the most ,  the battery is dead . 
i obviously can t return them but i will be ordering another pair with the original footbed . 
my kids don t play with it ,  even num_num days out from christmas . 
i upgraded from the droidx to the num_extend and at first i thought it wasn t any better . 
not heavy in a bad way ,  like you can t lift them or anything . 
the sound ceased to work on the one at work . 
at first glance ,  shadowbane offers players a wealth of opportunities . 
once again a gift to my teenage son ,  he loves itn very sturdy , we like the chrome on black look . 
as many reviews as i write ,  i wish i would ve read the others listed on here . 
it appears to have undocumented compatibility issues with windows xp . 
sadly this was my second attempt to get the identical one . 
i took a chance on the monitors anyway ,  and it was a huge mistake . 
i had to throw away quite abit of it . 
i didn t even put it together after looking at it . 
the vegetable broths in canned tuna may contain onion . 
it aired out my little kitchen as i expected from its size . 
the first medal of honor for playstation num_num is better than this peice of garbage . 
i have a large female doberman and this fell off her and tripped her . 
terrible for my skin ,  burning ,  and dryness ,  made my skin look awful ,  i will never use roc products again . 
as noted by many other reviewers ,  this flavor  jalapeno cheddar  induces coughing fits in many people . 
the characters simply stand in place and wave their hands about . 
they ll play anything if it s given good reviews and other people like it . 
i really tried persistently for about num_num days to get my cats to eat this . 
it s simple ,  easy to assemble and easy to store . 
it holds a charge for a very long time . 
well ,  that s not saying much ,  compared to even the worst games on the xbox num_extend
we were a little slow to replace the filter in our coffee maker . 
i have since tried shea moisture curling control shampoo three more times with the same result . 
requres a num_num minute soak before it can be eaten . 
yes this toy does shut off too quick . 
the wire on this bra may be on the outside but it still dug into my in cage . 
whats the use of that ?  !  waste of my money . 
they don t seem to work well together at all . 
several months ago ,  my oldest moved out and i gave him the microwave  and this turntable  . 
and i intend to tell them !  jawbone era is awesome too !  . 
this was the first wii game i got ,  and its mostly because i couldn t get a hold of zelda . 
i was so impressed i ordered one for myself and i am very happy with my purchases . 
you have to clean up promptly ,  without soap and then dry thoroughly . 
i can not express how disappointed i am with the seller of this product . 
the incident makes me think that this fan presents an unacceptable safety hazard . 
i can t believe how comfortable this little headset is . 
i had such a hard time getting it out of my pocket . 
if you fail to put this on some large piece of metal  like a filing cabinet  ,  expect poor performance . 
so far the unit s operation has been basically transparent . 
we bought these before bcuz of the price . 
i have had one of these little cookers for over five years . it get used a coupla times a week . 
four year old kids need them; they ve always got dirty fingernails . 
i took it apart and there was nothing wrong . 
i think that shows how well it does for itself . 
i wanted to like this product so badly because i ve always read and heard great things about infusium num_extend
there is also a bake rapid feature that cooks a loaf of bread in a little under two hours . 
but im not rating them just the product . 
this pan must be made for ceramic top stoves . 
then it looks trashy . it protects but i won t be getting a case like this one . 
i like this mount because it supports my galaxy siii perfectly . 
the serpa system will not allow you to mount different holster types ,  or different gun types . 
it s a shame because the curling iron actually curled fairly well . 
he is destructive and i wanted to protect his phone . 
this is an option that you can t get with other blenders . 
tanner ,  your main character ,  moves ackwardly and shoots even worse . 
i think that sums up the reviews ,  both the bad and good ones . 
very cheaply made and probably will never use them but i have them . 
i am not a happy customer this time . 
i wish it didn t have such a stupid feed tube so that i could use it even more . 
the construction is fantastic for the price and it s a breeze to clean compared with some spiders . 
filters you buy online may fit somewhat correctly ,  but are not likely to fit precisely . 
the bubbles that hit the ground stayed and did not pop right away . 
i ve found it can t be beat for most jobs ,  including making pesto and other sauces . 
i bought this after dropping my iphone and shattering its glass . 
while the tea flavor was too fake tasting ,  the others might actually be alright . 
the num_extend filter is more than num_extend the price num_num years ago . 
gave these as a gift and the recipient was surprised at how  dainty  they were . 
stayed sharp during a whole season of use on apples and pears . 
several sites that gave it rave reviews have yanked the reviews . 
i tried this for my cat ,  as i read that it will deter both cats and dogs . 
the cable is a little on the thin side or i d have given num_num stars . 
i use it all the time ,  as i iron quite frequently . 
then i used a sponge to wipe out the remaining debris after emptying the water . 
excellent travel charger if u don t need to sync phone at anytime . 
this container is good for beans or anything thick that can t get out . 
awesome novelty gift for anyone that has to have a toothpick after a meal !  heavy duty and sturdy product . 
the price was good but the covers scratched easily . 
but i do that when i cook on the stove too . 
had to keep a bowl of water and paper towels handy . 
switch is fairly easy to activate though it is small and cheap feeling . 
i had surround subwoofers laying on the couch at night and it was amazing . 
i am not sure if it is holding its charge as well num_num months in . 
i read all the good reviews and bought . 
could buy a nicer reusable one that would pay for itself in a couple of years . 
i bought this at the same time as i purchased my zen plus . 
ordinarily ,  this wouldn t be a problem with amazon . 
cute toy ,  and my son was soooo excited about it ,  but yoshi broke by the next day . 
i purchased this set because i was sick of cleaning the typical wood cutting board built into the counter . 
people are very loyal to their brands and bose is no execption . 
it seems too hold a pretty good charge . 
i repeat the creator of metal gear was not even involved in this . 
customer service was not willing to acknowledge their error . 
great for people who only want to carry a limited amount of items . i returned the item . 
considering all the rave reviews ,  i was really looking forward to this being an answer to my cellulite problem . 
i think maybe it is too warm for smaller animals . 
looks great when plugged in and charging .  .  . exceptionally fast in it s ability to charge . 
the gel is extremely effective in keeping my dogs teeth white and plaque free . their breath quality is also excellent . 
this is a powerhouse num_extend strange thing that again is nothing but i tend to go a little o . c . d . 
but more importantly ,  they re really quite foul in taste . 
i replaced the sub ,  but now one of the satellites has loud static . 
if it was back in it s hay day i d say run and get it . 
but when i received it ,  i was so disappointed . 
it is simple to use and is fast grinding . 
some like everything about apple ,  steve jobs and all that goes with it . 
you can never go wrong with an otter box ,  best there is . 
however ,  that was around num_num months ago ,  and i still have not received the return authorization . 
lasts super long had on my phone for months and dont plan on changing it anytime soon . 
it s like just a little too tight and it pops just a little bit out either side . 
it is very difficult to find a set that met my requirements . 
after using the trimmer a few times ,  the guard will not stay in place . 
this machine replaces a kitchenaid mixer  still running strong  that we have had for num_num years . 
it s always been good to us ,  and we ve used it for all kinds of things . 
i also fold the front cover back so i can fit the case in my car vent holder . 
i then offered them to two friends and they declined . 
you ll wonder how you ever did without them . 
it is great for mixing thick cookie dough and for making royal icing . 
it only has the standard num_num cb channels . 
you can do yourself a favor and shop for another brand . 
the num_num second cleaning is well worth the quality of coffee produced . 
i was so excited to get this puzzle for my little ones . 
not even all that much olive oil flavor . 
since we already have a butcher block ,  we needed carrier for the misc . 
shipping was great .  .  . arrived days before expected date ,  however when we got the case ,  it wasn t silicone . 
very pleased with purchase and seller shipped quickly . 
the angle of the flat liner also makes it hard to draw on eyebrows and fill them in . 
sides of pan are a bit thin and will flex slightly  compared to the multiclad models  . 
does not work well enough on my small dog ,  i should have just used scissors . 
i think thats true of any popsicle mold . 
received promptly and in pristine shape from vendor . 
it is big enough to handle stovetop meals for four or more . 
so if you want a very nice ,  sleek and rubbery finished charger ,  this is the one . 
works perfect ,  in fact the two i bought have outlived our old sealer . 
doesn t affect typing or the viewing of things on the screen . 
my dog had unraveled the braid within num_num minutes . 
so keep that in mind ,  driving around is fun ,  but actually completing the missions is super difficult . 
this is the beaver version . the dog won t be here until tomorrow ,  which is good . 
i assume it is still the same fan it is efficient if you care about those things . 
the process of applying this screen protector almost felt like science class . 
it sounds like a jet engine when you turn it on . 
it fits and makes it easy tomake a good demitasse of espresso . 
searched amazon ,  found the sanus ,  ordered after reading reviews . 
despite being promoted as a premium ,  healthy dog food ,  this is not . 
most important ,  they came with a particularly noxious order which cemented my overall dissatisfaction . 
i did not like the new graphics ,  they seemed too cartoony to me . 
i m a man ,  i didn t read any instructions whatsoever ,  and after the wash threw this into the dryer . 
hey ,  at least from the critical success ,  it establishes the nintendo num_num as the premiere system for wrestling . 
that brought peace . if these had leaked from only one place ,  i would not have such a negative impression . 
what else can you want ?  and i bought it when it was $ on num_num for num_num items sale . 
actually i found the oil sprayer made of glass . 
how many times are they going to milk this same cow ? pros : +excellent action+bodyguards a . i . 
the only thing it provides is a stinky odor . 
if you do get some on your scalp it rubs away with little problem . 
i ll try washing them with fabric softener ,  but i think they re just a waste of money . 
it s cheaper but the particle size is like num_num something vs num_num something with hydrolyzed . 
it goes everywhere . other than that ,  it s a great grinder . 
you can comfortably press several garlic cloves at a time ,  and the result is very uniform . 
it s very sturdy for such a simple design . 
even with the remote right next to the ir transmitter ,  it now does not work most of the time . 
having it serviced by a nikon authorized tech is cost prohibitive . 
i am changing all my cookware to stainless steel and purchased this to go along with items i have . 
two smaller bowls are intended to hold an entree  protein  and a side item  vegetables  . 
an all clad must have !  highly recommended !  a+  !  . 
my two cents ?  save your money and don t bother till it hits the bargain bin . 
this coffee maker will be good for someone on the go who does not like strong coffee . 
i bought these to use with smaller knives knocking around in my kitchen drawers . 
since i went back to my old mascara the infections have cleared up . 
it comes with a few adapters and will work with the iphone usb cable . 
the rhytm was so fast . seriously ,  this game needed some modifications before it was released to the market . 
one gets a full cup of noodles as a result . 
you d better be a ginger lover ,  that s most definite . 
we had to wait for pokemon colosseum to give us the experience that we really needed . 
i love it !  i just wish it had a lid . 
after that he gets a talking boat and a goofy wand that ,  apparently ,  lets him controll the wind . 
i am going to say this is a vastly over rated product . 
think  mini games  . on the plus side :  it is will wright ,  the concept and graphics are very interesting . 
but the still ever uncured infection remains present ,  still . 
scared to think how long these will last . 
it buckled up our newly refinished wood floors while sitting there before we realized what happened . 
i ve used it twice now and absolutely love it . 
i put these in my aquarium and they got white stringy stuff all over them . 
it just arrived and so i ran out to the car to hook it into place . 
the colors fade ,  the designs become wrinkled ,  and they just don t look as vibrant . 
make sure you attach the disk in the perfect location . 
i don t like having to use straight pins to put these on . 
especially browned dried onions that come in a soup mix with all the salt . 
i don t know if it happened in shipping or what . 
we are both pleased with the ease of use and the amount of pepper per grind . 
the more tea i try the less i like it . 
i thought it would be in the middle of the sapphire ,  that makes sense . 
the rivets are hard to clean ,  but that s standard for riveted cookware . 
it s a good tool and one i ll use often . 
the only reason i gave this product num_num stars on amazon is because of the price . 
when my credit card statement showed up the following week ,  there was the charge for $
they frequently get lost on the screen clutter . 
the only way that i could download was to use a card reader . 
on top of that ,  this game has some nice graphics ,  but that is only in the clouds . 
this really is the best way to make mashed potatoes ,  would not have it any other way . 
 the only negative ,  is that the bag really doesn t have room for anything else . 
i have had no problems with them and the price was great . 
i am always open to try new products in the hopes of even a better result . 
i need one nd filter so i choose it on amazon . 
it showed the home screen and said  waiting  ,  then it turns off automatically . 
very disappointed i was expecting something way better than this . 
he says it fits snug and works great in an otter box belt clip he already had on hand . 
fits on my tablet like a glove leather love it . 
i tend to like to look at what is on my ipod and found this an interesting little touch . 
what it there to say it is your basic electric fry pan . 
the xxl length was good but the girth was gigantic . 
i finally ended up cutting the seats away from the shredded arm portions and using them as independent floats . 
not a real good flavor at all ,  taste like cheap bouillion cubes . 
these rings are very easy to use for moving the shower curtain . 
i would happily do business with them again in the future . 
it left my skin feeling dry and felt like it left a film on my skin . 
i thought it would be better for my daughter to shoot . 
i figured for that price it wouldn t be a bad idea to have a them around . 
when the dog barked the device sprayed him . 
probably because animals cats hunt don t make a  rattling  sound . 
then one day ,  packets were being dropped again  on the same powerbook  . 
the wood handle feels very rough and splintery and needs to be sanded and oiled . 
they are good quality and they get here pretty quickly . 
the problem is in practice ,  the powerlift doesn t keep its charge very long . 
it says that it is an num_num piece but mine only came with num_num pieces . 
you can reach a customer representative without going through an extensive automated menu ,  and they speak american english . 
do not waste your money or time on this game . 
the thing still works after a month ,  but makes horrible mechanical rattling noises as it plays . 
it was kind of cute ,  but everything just seemed dull and repetitive . 
so i set about discharging the anker astro num_num mah external battery once again . 
the call quality was also mediocre; it stuttered continually and at times was barely understandable . 
here s a game which attempts to exploit itself as a  revolutionary  sequel to the previous games . 
was hoping for at least a few months of chew time out of it . 
but i wanted it a little brighter ,  so i pressed the up arrow to make it brighter . 
i purchased this for the sole reason of slicing venison for jerkey . 
i ve had no problem with pocket lint so far ,  but this type of material is a dust magnet . 
the first problem i experienced with this game as the key code wouldn t work . 
i have something like num_extend and i don t see myself ever using it all . 
for example ,  i found that the phone s volume is not loud enough . 
but the cups were so large i cannot wear the bra . 
i have a two year old sony cassette player in my car . 
it s extremely comfortable to wear for extended periods of time ,  which is great considering its very long battery life . 
it clutches my phone tightly ,  but also allows room for a case . 
i was never able to get a signal from two sources to one . 
it probably amounts to $ in materials if that . 
the lighting is ok at night ,  worthless in the . 
and wonderful so that you can really cook . 
first ,  if you have ridden a bike for fifty years you get use to how a seat should feel . 
the rubberized plastic holds up well ,  but begins to fade in a matter of months . 
not to mention ,  the green tea litter was tracked all over . 
don t waste your money ,  buy something with quality that has num_num or num_num ball bearings . 
the color of the liquid is different than the one i got from derm office locally . 
you won t be disappointed !  great purchase price .  . and you can t beat amazon . com s quick ,  wonderful and dependable service ! linda . 
it s attractive ,  and it holds all my important knives up on the wall . 
although i have had dickies in the past ,  the quality of the sewing around the zipper was bad . 
medal of honor ,  rising sun ,  was badgered by complaints of  no strategy  and stupid enemy ai . 
after a few frantic seconds and some really powerful yanks ,  i got it out and engaged the targets . 
again ,  i know that refridgerated oil can equal salmonella . 
i included a picture of the mesh edge on the frieling above . 
all in all ,  you get what you pay for and for a couple bucks ,  i m not complaining . 
i bought three of these shirts and this particular style is just o . k . 
okay it came stale in the case but where s the cheese was my first question . 
oled offers brigher colors ,  especially in sunlight ,  and lower power consumption  longer battery life  . 
i ordered this as a replacement for a lost charger for my iphone . 
i only broke num_num blades in num_num years so they ast a long time if took care of . 
worth the price you pay for them to make your life easier . 
i just purchased the treo num_num with alltel  not specified here on amazon  and have loved it . 
this bluetooth hold static without being on the phone . 
the lens would not focus correctly; it frontfocused horribly . 
it doesn t have the attachments like kitchenaid does ,  but i didn t need any attachments . 
around the hips very narrow then balloon out basically made like and hour glass . 
this one didn t thrill either one of us . 
i don t know how i made it all these years without these . 
i drive an chevy equinox and this fits great in my cd player ,  it is sturdy . 
i thought this would be a good product to help learn the abcs ,  but it really hasn t helped . 
it was either shards of metals or something else ,  i have no idea what the pole was made from . 
it comes with a num_num year warranty ,  which is longer than most devices now ship with . 
it is great for searing burgers and steaks . 
works great for smoothing out the fondant icing on cakes . 
i bought this food processor to save time when i was preparing some dishes . 
i believe that anyone ,  even the most basic beginner cook ,  will be thrilled with the results the first time . 
the rack arrived with one of the cross pieces broken . 
i need my phone to work at all times ,  which is why i looked into this wireless extender . 
the heavy traffic areas are now the same color as the rest of my carpet . 
it doesn t take any longer than a drip coffee maker and it comes out hotter when finished . 
the single player was much too short ,  the bosses are too easy to kill ,  and the scenery is atrocious . 
i use this crock pot all the time . 
i use brown sugar and pineapple to do this ,  breaking down all the fat . 
other brands are easier to use and take more abuse ,  but cost twice as much . 
while i don t recommend it ,  i have knocked these over on my granite counter and they have survived . 
giving it the benefit of the doubt i tried brewing it using every water size on my keurig . 
please try to avoid this game and save some cash . 
very well done . the use of the portals was very good . 
this machine cleans very well and is not too loud . 
it soundsoff a loud beeping when it , s done . 
i was able to remove almost all the air bubbles . 
this has always been one of my and my sweet little dog s favorite treats . 
belt clip is sturdy and strong and the holster fits and holds the phone . 
it has a self regulating thermometer ,  which this unit does not have . 
the clear cover of the phone case also seems to be of substandard quality . 
i cut out the back for use with the seidio extended battery  htc evo num_extend
the radios just use lots of power . flash is not supported by default for this phone from verizon . 
thanks lodge logic for helping to keep americans employed for generations !  !  . 
this has the exact consistency ,  color ,  and smell as room temperature butter . 
this is rated the best by cook s illustrated ,  and i agree . 
i dont consider myself to have super skinny arms . 
i ve been using the roc deep correction wrinkle cream morning and night now for about a month . 
and overnite they didn t care that it was there . 
the led flashlight was bright and worked well . 
i always buy unscented items so they don t clash with my perfume . 
then both my desktop and laptop lost connection to the internet . 
the one thing that threw me was that the back was labeled num_extend
glad it was an easy and cheap replacement . 
it it a bit too small and i would not recommend this screen protector . 
i have bought the cheaper bottle openers and got tired of them not piercing an adequate opening and bending . 
then next day may have pot of chili ,  made from scratch . 
i originally bought this over num_num years ago . 
even using extra care ,  however; there was quite a bit of my hair wrapped tightly around the band . strike two . 
and both openings are quite small  and both opening are not from ground up either  . 
i have two of the bigger saute pans and this set . 
i m still using it but i am becoming increasingly concerned . 
when our grandson expressed an interest in cooking ,  we bought a pot for him . 
i will stick to ones that i find in local middle eastern or indian grocery stores . 
i m getting rid of the all red every day plates ,  cups ,  bowls ,  etc . 
a much better product then the one that came with my phone . 
the company does make a usb model ,  but this is not it . 
i just bought this product and the jerky was so hard i was afraid i would break a tooth . 
will buy again but it might be a long time before it needs replacing . 
neither kitten has had any interest in this toy . 
if you don t know about these ,  they are made by the people who make swiss army knives . 
i ve cooked brown rice ,  regular white rice ,  jasmine ,  basmati ,  sushi and sweet  sticky  rice all with perfect results . 
if you miss ,  you ll either pour water into the grounds or get a wet countertop . 
i unscrewed the stainless steel base ,  with three screws ,  inserted three metal washers ,  and screwed them back in . 
in fact ,  i have a hard time recommending it . 
i used it in the salton and left it for about num_num hours and it came out perfect . 
i purchased this for my son and he loved it . 
this one is definitely not . the gift looks lovely . 
the box is now two weeks old and falling apart . 
i think that s the problem the people are having who are complaining . 
the marketplace vendor was excellent in taking the product back and service . 
a friend of mine had this otterbox defender in all black . 
only problem i have with these is the steel is thinner that i thought it would be . 
this charger has lasted for almost a whole year without any problems . 
filling the coffee filter  fill ,  and tap down a bit  and water is easy ,  . 
once you have one of these around ,  it gets hard to imagine not having it . 
very easy to dump out collected dust ,  and the suction ,  as othes have said ,  is very powerful . 
i had to take it out of the case to get the device to work . 
i guess i just am too busy to wait while the stuff absorbs . 
i was bummed they didn t carry an alternative model i liked so i could still give them my money . 
the mount holds the phone in tight so i have not worried about it falling out on long rides . 
it s well worth the money for those results . 
i wish i could have read the ingredients before i bought it . 
which is weird because she rubs up against everything else on the floor . 
cord is not super long but not too short for normal counter top use . 
when i saw the great price here i went for it . 
i tried to put it on my laptop ,  desk ,  window ,  etc . 
got this extra battery for my num_extend because i can t always be around a charger . 
i use one of these to set my phone on my nightstand . 
had it less than a year and it has quit working . 
they are also washable ,  so greasy kitchen finger prints are not a problem . 
it takes some adjustments ,  but that is pretty normal for this type of product . 
even the corn popper push toys aren t as loud . 
so excited to see this one same size that he wanted . 
ultra basic ,  sleek looking and looks good on the counter . 
these earphones do not stay in the ear while exercising . 
i like a fresh pair of nail nippers for my constant hang nails . 
she put some half and half in hers ,  and she could barely choke it down . 
just because the controller shakes in your hands doesn t mean you feel like part of the game . 
perfect !  the ramen just fits nicely inside  neoguri  . 
at this price you really should give it a try if your looking for some phone protection . 
luckily i only needed it for num_extend but doesn t say a lot about the build quality . 
it is little ,  so don t be surprised when you get it . 
it s heavy ,  easy to roll ,  and again ,  looks gorgeous . 
i informed amazon and they asked me to keep it . 
the stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use . 
wish it has polished stainless steel handles and lid but for the price .  .  . it s a great pan . 
i also have the attachments like the wheat grinder ,  meat grinder and pasta maker . 
i think that i just got a defective one . 
we use butter or olive oil in our cooking ,  and the fry pan acts almost like ninstick cookware . 
the vet suggested i start cleaning the cat s teeth since there is tartar buildup . 
i bought the quart size bottle used with this bait . 
i don t know a single person that likes these things . 
however ,  at least if you do not over pronate ,  this shoe is not for you . 
i purchased this product because of a high recommendation from the pbs television series america s test kitchen . 
i do not know why i ignored over num_num one star reviews . 
this is not a requirement that is unique to this churn by the way . 
this pan is often marketed as a  cornbread skillet  ,  and it is great for cornbread . 
i will add more to the review after i ve used the new one . 
my son is four and has a hard time using this toy . 
if i barely use the phone ,  i can even get num_num days off of it !  . 
i was impressed when i received an airmail envelope from hong kong . 
these would also be good for storing spices . 
i bought num_num of these hoping they would fit under my kitchen sink ,  and they fit perfectly . 
i have some jars that these lids fit and others that they don t . 
however the camel one is with soft fur but the size is a little small . 
consistency is also poor made me break out . 
i say this because i have had my phone land face down on the ground . 
is it just me or is there something wrong with this scenario . 
remains sharp after countless potatoes ,  apples ,  carrots ,  and what have you skinned . 
i m going to buy num_num more cause my kids took those for their tablets . 
i m passing these on to the kitties in the habitat my rescue group has at petco . 
earthen ware junk that doesn t deserve the corelle name . 
have had another set of these and they lasted very well ,  now i have num_num sets . 
couldn t get my computer to recognize the digital camera so had to send it back . 
in short ,  the two elements of the filter might as well be made of window glass . 
it s a great quality set for the price . 
looks exactly like the picture ,  when mine wears out i ll order another one . 
i purchased this product with some skepticism due to the low price . 
the item i am reviewing is the num_extend this is the older version of num_extend
i ordered the metallic navy color and it looks even better in person . 
this ice cream scoop does a great job of getting a smaller portion out . 
i think that s the secret it s the alcohol . 
format war ended ,  and hd dvds are near impossible to find . 
he likes the convenience ,  i like the safety . 
think it s time to stay away from levis . 
in short ,  unlike the nordicware popper ,  the presto microwave popper actually works . 
the waffles come out perfect by timing them . 
it s the perfect size unless you routinely cook for a large family . 
skinomi as always been my first choice when it comes to screen protectors . 
my detangling process took the same amount of time . 
if you can afford a better filter i would suggest looking at other models . 
it does require regular thorough cleaning each use ,  but that s not as bad as everyone claims . 
this product is expensive and it caused eye irritation . 
without information ,  i decided to base my rating on taste alone . 
it may work in a different bathtub than mine ,  but i would rather feel safe !  . 
i don t mind the original item arriving defective . 
i ve got a $ paring knife that cuts and slices better and easier than this one . 
i like the separate clean water and dirty water reservoirs . 
i am bummed it s broken ,  but it was so cheap that it is not worth me returning it . 
i do like lots of other philosophy products . 
the only reason i bought this game is because it had this so called  game of the year  thingy . 
the glass jar is heavy and the supporting pieces are sturdy . 
i don t feel this mascara gave my existing lashes any length and the mascara was kind of clumpy . 
i can t get my money back since the return window is closed but that s ok . 
i can hear the other person even while driving on the freeway with my window down . 
i use a grind halfway between drip and espresso . 
not a fan of the product at all . 
no worries ! we enjoy the perk coffee so much !  . 
it is pretty thick so it protects the phone . 
the mat is the perfect size to fit in my toaster oven . 
it s just a bunch of techno beats that we ve all heard from better games . 
i am happy with the product and extremely happy witht he shipping time . 
it is not worth the hassle indicated by others to file a warranty claim . 
i guess this thing helps you to watch the calories . 
when i installed the combiner i immediately noticed a degraded signal especially from the cable box . 
the magnet on the back of the timer allows me to slap it up above the oven door . 
it was a great deal and it will be easy to add to my kitchen set . 
they are absolutely terrified if i try to play with it ,  and give it wide birth . 
it is a lovely scarlet red and quite heavy . 
lets me plug in a keyboard or mouse  or both  . 
i knew it was inexpensive when i bought it ,  but i didn t think it was cheap . 
i can see what other reviewer meant about hand fatigue but i still dig it . 
we ve had it for a couple of weeks . 
the grounds are higher up the sides of the basket and more evenly distributed in the filter . 
i added a second phone to the num_extend and it connected great . 
and i use the speakerphone aspect of the jambox with my cell phone . 
despite the item description ,  not compatible with num_num dodge suvs which have canbus autolights . 
i used the wireless in various parts of my house and was disappointed in the range . 
but we always have access to wifi at home or in the office . 
i did discard the first waffle i made and the num_extend one was just fine . 
thank god i got this !  i never had a tub with an overflow drain before . 
our house is elevated and we have a big deck around it . 
i thought that the high ratings meant that it would help condition my dry ,  overprocessed hair . 
poor job !  leaves patches of hair on your head and face . 
it looks good on ,  but application is a pita . 
however ,  once i decided to actually read the instructions viola !  everything worked perfectly and easily . 
the toast still probably tastes the same as if both sides of the bread were the same darkness . 
they had a gold or bronze kind of a tint to them with stripes in the center . 
scrub gently with veggie brush and it cleans easy . 
it was difficult if not impossible for the dogs to get the treats out . 
lots of different options and lots of different dishes . 
the zojirushi is quiet during operation and is just a well built appliance . 
that should tell you how much time they spent on this one . 
i tried several different jars and lids .  .  . no luck . 
it only works occassionally now and is not reliable at all . 
my old waffle iron broke ,  so i got this one to replace it . 
so i pay my $ and drive home to install it . 
then wait for an eternity for the map to load . 
you can repeat this process num_num or num_num times if you want to be thorough . 
the boiling causes the fat to emulsify with the liquid in an irreversible chemical event . 
you have to find the parts of your ship and the pikmin help you . 
they are way better than the motorola set and are so comfortable !  . 
i do not recommend anyone buy this one . 
turned out that it was way too big and thick for my dog ,  so i had to return it . 
i don t see how they can hold up . 
always a great item to have when you are traveling and people want to see your screen . 
this product with the cover on was not large enough for my smaller sized teddy bear hamster . 
glad to hear it works for some ,  but didn t for me . 
i took everyones advice and cut bags extra long and this has given us a number of reuses . 
also the high upper strap was tight on my slender boney foot and i found it painful . 
it was suggested that i use an electric knife as they have longer blades and of course are faster . 
i would have liked there to be more strategy than just button mashing ,  but what the heck ,  it s fun . 
nice set  ,  cleans with ease and color is classy . 
the taste is ok ,  and easy enough to chew through ,  and i won t throw them away . 
we brew on this machine an average num_num times a day . 
they often fall off ,  and i ve stopped using it all together . 
this charger lets me charge my iphone num_num and new ipad mini retina with no problems . 
i cooked a small beef roast with onions and carrots and it was great . 
it plays all games . the gps could be betterthe call quality seems to be deteriorating a little . 
it is simple to insert ,  very easy to clean ,  and my treats come out perfectly . 
the best one i have tried in this maker ,  though ,  islavazza crema e gusto ground coffee ,  italian espresso . 
i love these i have used them with oranges and pepper rings . 
the long slots of the spoon have a tendency to trap some sizes of pasta . 
and not just from the noxious smells that the glow pen gives off either . 
using it with music from phone  pandora  it auto switches and fades volumes as you would hope . 
i thought i was getting full size containers . 
i m really bummed this food isn t being accepted . 
i am new to baking and needed a bundt pan . 
i was told by a barber that the spots were a sign of impurities in the alum . 
highly recommended if you don t want multiple chargers laying around . 
takes up a bit of space ,  but i can live with that . 
i like the ease and convenience of the roomba vacuum . 
the photos i am posting are a close ups of the skin near the left ear . 
it saves space and money since i don t need two chargers in the car . 
my concerns were assuaged by how really well this knife works . 
i have tried every method of food preservation there is . 
the qwerty touchscreen is really good and i have almost mastered it . 
you can fight one on one with someone else who has the game . 
i m going to keep this review short and simple . 
there is still no create a team mode . 
fun to play ,  but it s asking a lot gamers to look past its glaring shortcomings . 
unless it touches the cheek bone it doesn t work well at all  hence the name jawbone  . 
i ve not had any problems with how it works . 
i ve had a couple of different plugs and they all worked . 
this is a nicely manufactured product ,  looks good ,  fine build quality . 
i grew up playing games in arcades ,  and at home on my atari num_extend
very cheaply made and broke before i got it . 
would iron man buy this pan ?  who cares .  .  . iron man doesn t cook for himself . 
sorry , mickey ,  but i am a donald duck fan . 
there is just nothing to it and fits poorly . 
this one is definitely cheaper made than the old one . 
my cat seems to have a few specific spots where she is marking . 
was i ever shocked when i opened the package to find pink bands . 
holds things in both directions ,  doubling the capacity . 
i was so happy with this product i now eat popcorn ever second of every day . 
the game play is very poor and kluggy . 
the armature is also easily removed for simple cleaning . all in all ,  an excellent buy . 
saving lots of money by smoking our own meat or even just buying a precooked ham or turkey breast . 
you won t use any other ,  once you get it in your hands . 
i have tried the wired fm transmitters and i must say that this one is awesome to be wireless . 
you need to be more thorough about cleaning it because the spoiled milk will smell . 
i had to run the machine outside and pour water on it to stop it from burning . 
therefore ,  it is necessary to mount it on the edge of the counter to let the handle rotate completely . 
they sent a replacement and it had the same exact problem . 
i was fortunate to find this new one on amazon . com . 
item comes in a nice case and works perfectly . 
i was giving my shihtzu the fromm adult gold dog food . 
after an initial splash ,  no water should flow . 
holding down the main button on the num_extend will activate voice dialer . 
overall this case has been great for the price . 
there is no coffee maker that can make as good a cup as the braun num_extend
it has the proper angle to scrape and pull the water from the surface with each stroke . 
the only differences are :  different characters and setting ,  badder music ,  and the controls a bit more unresponsive . 
next we gave a meatloaf recipe a try . 
after shown what was possible with spiderman num_extend this game is a big let down . 
its getting cheaper ,  and the price is getting closer to what its worth . 
i had purchased gnc salmon oil and they like that product much better and lap it up . 
it s possible this one was a bad batch ,  but seemed to be doomed either way . 
i also felt very groggy and out of it the next day too . 
i have num_num other globals and this one is as good as the rest . 
i suppose that s because most people use their computers to make their cd compilation disks . 
like not even a teaspoon it makes much more palatable popcorn with no need for butter . 
thanks goodness pyrex still makes glass measuring cups . 
good value and is easy to spot when dropped on the floor . 
i have ordered num_num other of these cases in num_num different color . 
he said ,  well it s expired now ,  how do you want to pay for this . 
one of the earpiece is longer than the other but what i have done is just clipped it off . 
i wear a size num_extend and the stone pair are tight on me . 
i read the reviews and then made the purchase . 
i purchased two ,  one for me and then my daughter . 
don t take my word for it ,  research it on the web yourself . 
the lack of matches is alsoa big negitive . 
we might use our old salt and ice freezer for a planter or something . 
then they pick up another tiny little piece and bring it back to the airport . 
the sound quality is excellent for both making calls and listening to music on your phone . 
the three bowls included really make this machine convenient . 
a bit of advice :  lookup how to change it on youtube . 
acquiring this charger from the oem shop saved me a lot of money and aggravation . 
then the company got a hold of me and refunded my money because i wasn t totally satisfied . 
do i really need to type more words amazon ?  !  . 
they front is not the gold glitter ,  but a bright solid yellow color . 
i used this and it didn t add volume to my hair ,  not even a little bit . 
i hate leaving bad reviews ,  but i honestly hate this product . 
good to know they aren t messing up a good thing . 
the sticker in the front is not as attractive as the one in the picture . 
those reviews that love this doll ,  i m guessing are from buyers that left her sealed in the box . 
i m not using this to make coffee per se . 
the tools were more worth the money than the actual battery itself . 
there was a sticker on the bottom that was not easily removed . 
i gave it numerous tries with many different polishes  essie ,  opi ,  chanel ,  nars ,  etc  and top coats  sv ,  poshe  . 
i will enjoy this pan fo years to come . 
the water gets very hot and will eventually reach close to a boil . 
it consists of your running around in a single location for several hours ,  gathering treasure and collecting points . 
this game has a total of num_num of them . 
this granpappy is just about right for the limited deep frying that we do . 
it s incredibly easy to clean as well ! definitely recommended . 
and even then ,  the tea didn t have the same quality to it . 
the inner case of the defender is hard plastic ,  with the outer case being soft rubber . 
even before i used it on meat ,  i tried it out on a folded kitchen towel . 
so forget your ipod or your newer blackberry or newer wireless device ,  period . 
the charging port is located on the inner side of the left arm behind swinging mini door . 
it was going flat within an hour or two . 
sometimes a cheap item isn t worth what you pay for it . 
i am ashamed that i didnt think it through before i gave my dogs these bones . 
it is difficult to place the earpiece on my ear with glasses on . 
it is nice and snug ,  not soft and flimsy like another one i rated . 
but i it is hard for me to believe the amazon would participate in fraudulent activity such as this . 
i bought a few of these because i have so many mini usb chargers and cables . 
we also plan to purchase some of the attachments for it . 
bought the same case in black just to have a different color ,  switch it up . 
i needed num_num batteries for my evo num_extend phones . 
it only has an analog stereo headphones out . 
did a lot of research before settling on this pressure canner . 
their tech support was quick to respond ,  but unable to solve the problem . 
i have multiple devices that need to be charged while i work on the road . 
ot constant while squeegeeing or mopping with it . 
the silicone for me started to fall apart and wear down to a hole . 
it also might not fit well with some automotive plug locations . 
the jambra supreme is a little pricier than some of these headsets ,  but less than the plantronics products . 
the older one eats it perfectly ,  tearing off little pieces at a time ,  chewing ,  swallowing . 
also goes well with the iphone black or white . 
we just blow it back up and a week later blow it up again . 
they take the lid off measure the popcorn and dump it in . 
i have two of these fans and bought a second one based on loving the first . 
when i received this product the lid was not securely tight and the solvent leaked out . 
i bought one of these the minute i first saw it ,  based on my happiness with the gerber eab . 
this is a classic bread knife that works very very well . 
however other than the tournament settings ,  the changes seemed to have no effect . 
the phone has been banged around and keeps on working . 
slimmer than all my phones ,  charges all and any phone without glitches . 
 seems to be about par for vtech toys .   the three shaped buttons don t seem to do much . 
too bad the makers of  scratches  didn t give us the stuff . this game will be forgotten quickly i think . 
hi ,  i got this for myself :   my mom used to make these when i was a kid . 
i bought this in hopes i could use it to organize my headband collection and it works for me . 
my hair looked and felt much greasier than before i washed to a disgusting level . 
proctor silex num_extend num_num liter electric kettle is an amazing product . 
i wasn t taking a num_extend go at a stump or anything . 
it is super strong ,  perfect for phone screen replacement . 
i wish i would have had the chance to test this one out but it s going back to amazon . 
this is almost everything we expected from reading the reviews . 
all they need to do is reverse which way it hinges and it would work much better . 
but this is one product that quite literally makes life easier for me on a daily basis . 
after a few weeks ,  my lips became so irritated that they were raw and scraped . 
but .  .  . the sharpness of the blades creates a potential safety hazard . 
i swapped in another drive ,  and it to amazon . 
the stove itself is just like the picture but needed a little num_extend to get it to move easier . 
maybe she didn t shake it enough but neither of us liked it . 
i d prefer it warn you once and just stop working than to continue to beep until it powers off . 
lodge quality is excellent and this should last for decades . 
it s surprising how much dust this item can catch in my house . 
i have no idea why this tasted so bad to me . 
sorry i don t rate products with num_num stars unless they are perfect . 
if you re like me and can t stand a tangled cord ,  this thing is perfect for you . 
very slim ,  not rubbery so lint won t stick to it while in your pocket or purse ,  and cheap . 
that means with milk ,  a bowl of crunchy nut is going to be num_num calories or slightly more . 
this was the easiest ice cream i ve ever made . 
guys who are purchasing from outside the us ,  be careful ,  it operates at num_extend
i will need to try that out ,  but it does not excuse ernie ball from their responsibility . 
i like it because you can get it in any color you like . 
i ve been thinking about it again and decided i had to have one ,  and decided on the waring model . 
i believe a lighter color would not be as noticeable regarding the problems i had . 
don t waste your time ,  money ,  or yogurt on this poorly made device . 
it truly does nothing !  okay ,  chuck does some flips and that s it !  loldo not buy !  !  !  . 
i will have to try another type next time . 
however ,  after about num_num uses ,  of the outputs works very poorly . 
that may be fine for things like shoes ,  but for car leather ,  especially dashboards ,  it s not good . 
i rate it at two stars rather than one for the innovative design . 
excellent kitchen shears ,  feel nice in the hand ,  just the right weight . 
i am giving this product a one star review because it did not work for me . 
while playing online ,  norse always dominate because they build several fortresses right outside your town then attack . 
more often than not ,  i would forget about it ,  and would return to an inedible soupy mess . 
i really wanted to like it .  .  . but it is heavy and not a tinted moisturizer on my face . 
not to mention a simple power adaptor should last more than num_num months . 
have never used anything else so have no comparison . 
the cuts on the protectors are not align properly . 
i d read the previews and was very excited to try out the new controller . 
at one point i literally couldn t get past one stage because he kept falling off . 
i must have the worlds most stupid birds . 
im not sure if it is due to my car or the charger but this no longer works . 
at first i couldn t believe this until i compared that strap to the others that came with it . 
i d never put this on in a large area again . 
so ,  i bought it and started using it right away . 
didn t seem to make any difference in my breakouts . 
it makes delicious coffee ,  and only has a couple parts to clean . 
the first thing i cooked in it was polenta .  .  .  . usually a gooey ,  sticky mess to clean up . 
it will have a num_extend hd ,  and hdmi output . 
i ve heard they re only slightly different from this model num_extend but the differences are positive . 
i bought mine at gnc and returned them today . 
not really much more you can say ,  it holds its place on the counter and doesn t scratch easily . 
there is a round sticker around the entire blade ,  and it does not come off easily . 
pathetic . these headphones are usb ,  which i paid no attention to ,  none whatsoever . 
easy to clean and well worth the price ,  which i thought long and hard about spending money on . 
i discovered that the only difference between white ,  whole wheat ,  etc . 
feels somewhat flimsy but gets the job done . 
it works fine but my palm phone is broken so i can t use it . 
i noticed that i was able to focus significantly better ,  but only on less complex tasks . 
tried to use this great looking cable from the cable outlet to the cable box . 
brush is soft and doesn t hurt her mouth though . 
i like that is is a product made on this side of the continent . 
it costs about double of what the ssscat unit costs but i definitely recommend the contech over ssscat . 
the samsung keeps skipping audio when playing dts soundtracks . 
also ,  apparently looking at a friggin clock is too difficult so we have to buy a timer . 
this item is garbage at best !  !  my num_extend has a better battery life then this waste of material . 
it s hard to detangle a tiny part without having the brush to catch on another part that im detangling . 
i paid way too much for this one to begin with but the size is great . 
in that period ,  i used it in my camera . 
my head is average but this fits a bit big . 
no quality issues .  .  . they are real and work as they should . 
cleaning is a snap and results of cooking are standout . 
it just doesn t have the leverage to cut the grass . 
however that hasn t been a hindrance as the switch is still accessible and can be moved without much problem . 
all the openings and ports are cut perfectly . looks great on iphone and protects it . 
good for light everyday tasks ,  has an fm radio reciever built in ,  requires headphones as an antennae . 
this is the perfect starter set for home cooks . 
you d think rim would give you something new that works well . 
i can say one thing it is a good product . 
seeds fall out of the feeder very easily . all in all ,  there are any number of decent feeders out there . 
what caught my eye was the specified use for dorm rooms . 
the tip goes back into the pen and it is not worth it the hassle or pain . 
i tried it again with more product and ,  it was a caked on mess . 
misses a lot of hair have to go it time and time again and a battery hog . 
it s the crank that gives out then the pot is retired for use in the garage . 
this wide brimmed visor gives your face and ears coverage from the sun . 
it can be taken apart to clean  as a tinkerer ,  i like this  . 
the colors are even more beautiful in person than the pictures . 
he s num_num yrs old ,  so i trust he knows what he s talking about . 
first of all ,  it says in the instructions that it isn t for jaw pain . 
i used it as my main music player because the user interface is better than the stock music player . 
this charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time . 
the dimensions num_num x num_num x num_extend are etched on the underside of the container . 
the people who commented on the lids not working were half right . 
don t waste your money if you are buying it for its intended purpose . 
i spent a week researching coveralls online ,  reading reviews ,  looking at sizes ,  etc . 
is the ear wash so essential that it is worth risking your cat s life ?  perhaps try another product first . 
i love collecting fiesta dinnerware and have been thoroughly pleased with each piece purchased through amazon . 
the repairman asked me what types of animals i had . 
for many people ,  bose products seem like the ideal for good sound . 
the following day ,  the circles were more wrinkled then ever . 
i don t get all the good reviews ,  it was a big waist of money to me . 
my num_num cat did this all by himself . 
it can be plugged into a wall or into your computer !  . 
the last num_num i got from verizon for $ so this one was a good price . 
getting the cone separated from the pin that inserts to the motor is very difficult . 
it does work for a fuller bath ,  but it is a pain to clean . 
another cat might like this flavor just fine but my crew does not . 
i can apply screen protectors without getting even one single air pocket . 
looked like a pretty bra and seemed well made ,  but i had to return . 
the pcb also needed more offset mounts to prevent bending . 
the recipe booklet shipped with this is a great source of foods to create using this cooker . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
it sucks up har ,  dirt ,  and all of the shavings leftover from cleaning out guinea pig cages . 
regardless of desired thickness it does not emulsify as the directions state . 
i find it annoying that you can buy the same brand briefs and get a different fit . 
was trying to tint fog lights and just didnt work . 
i only got six months of occasional use out of this before it quit . 
we all love the cases and are very happy with them . 
i ll certainly drink what i have ,  but won t be ordering it again . 
i find these fun to use for eggs and pancakes . 
perhaps its a differnet model etc but the new one is significantly smaller . 
i ve had a braun num_num for years .  .  . got this to replace the cutter and foil . 
great cord and is compatible with my iphone num_extend
it shouldn t be a daily chore just to connect your headset to your computer . 
why complain about it ?  it is silly to blame ceramics for being ceramics . 
the veggies ,  cut them into bite size pieces . 
and while we unabashedly admit that we make heavy use of our kitchen items ,  we do not abuse them . 
so i purchased this inexpensive cable to charge my phone during the day . 
i went from never taking probiotics to taking this one and i never saw a difference or felt different . 
you may think you are helping your lawn ,  but you are actually making it worse . 
this isn t like the big dumb looking iphone . 
it is a little on the heavy side ,  but it s worth the trouble . 
i do not know if it would have worked better had i been able to plug it in . 
i have a large collection of fiesta ware and love adding new pieces . 
after researching for  that  perfect screen protector for weeks ,  i found this screen protector . 
these have a noticeable difference from what i get from the grocery store . 
not to mention ,  i don t know how i would have pulverized those home made croutons . 
but the num_extend colors seem to be overenhanced . 
the new item is from a new batch and fits perfect . 
the adhesive would not stick on one corner ,  even after being clamped down overnight . 
you can lift the vacuum by the canister handle . 
i like them because you can see to clean them and they come in functional sizes . 
this is my husbands favorite case !  it came in perfect time . 
it boils all over the counter and hardly no coffee is left in pot . 
i didn t really expect to see any increase in battery life and i was right . 
i have used these trivets for hot food ,  cold drinks ,  and for potted plants . 
it needs a hose to fit more stem configurations . 
this is my third speck iphone case ,  and they have all been great . 
get one you will love it and you might even want to buy a spare for this price . 
the handles on my press are on tight and have never just come off . 
i do wish that the lights were a little brighter ,  or possibly multicolored . 
i dont know what more there is to say ?  works as expected . 
this pattern continued to repeat before i finally decided to return it for a refund . 
you will get many more cycles if each cycle is only a partial cycle ,  and not a complete discharge . 
i had to put in the freezer in the garage because the smell was so strong . 
i can only imagine that some of the problems experienced by other reviewers is due to improper use . 
it comes with really no usable instructions ,  and any videos online didn t help either . 
this is product is a outstanding buy and it a good price for my phone . 
the only good thing about this is graphics . 
these knifes are very heavy duty and if kept in the block when not used ,  should last a lifetime . 
i think the manufacturer should state the fact that these devices do not work well inside office buildings . 
it fits my iphone num_num well and also fits my daughters iphone num_extend
finally out of frustration i got out the metric die set and chased the threads . 
it was supposedly going to fit our dustbuster but it didn t . 
that s a lot of body spraying all over my body . 
slicing meats and homemade breads was a big pain . 
this works great to make popcorn without oils or salts . 
autolyzed yeast extract is another way of saying msg . 
the cuisinart die cast can opener features a tall design capable of opening even the tallest cans . 
not even a silver oxide version would get you num_extend that capacity . 
there are a couple jabra apps in the marketplace ,  but nothing that serves these purposes . 
in fact i don t think any mmo i have played before even comes close to being this bad . 
we use it almost weekly for manicotti ,  enchiladas ,  cornbread ,  etc . 
simplicity is a designvalue and this device shows that . 
it provides minimal protection ,  but just enough imo to handle a short drop . 
it says right on the side :   marble board  . 
good quality product ,  but i would prefer glass instead of plastic . 
i could not continue using it because of this and had to buy something else . 
i will say that i am blessed in the genes department and look a lot younger than i am . 
i find myself needing to constantly adjust them while running or at the gym . 
maybe one of the others will be more potent in the scent department . 
this is probably the worst product i have ever used . 
after one use of this sunscreen ,  my face and neck broke out !  i had clear skin before this . 
this is the best grill that i have every owned . 
i really like the motomco tomcat rat snap trap version . 
i have really enjoyed using this product everyday . 
i ve not given up on this stuff yet but it s not a perfect solution . update :  lowering it to two stars . 
the juice flows out very fast in a steady stream . 
its worked a few times but just turns off . 
all the button openings are in the correct place ,  the camera also . 
the stainless steel finish is easy to clean and looks great . 
i find one product that works and stick with it ,  even if it s meant for the opposite sex . 
the price was low ,  but so is the comfort level . 
product arrived on schedule and in good condition . 
 ewwwwww !   so i decided to splurge on one that would never have this problem . 
it s really a nice effect ,  and something i hadn t considered or expected when i bought this pan . 
keep it oiled and it will last a lifetime . 
it can take almost num_num hours to detangle my hair . 
fortunately ,  it doesn t seem to need a tight fit at the top to work . 
i checked here for reviews and yeah ,  this ne goes back for sure . 
they offered to sell me a new one though !  i have no idea where my receipt is  my fault  . 
this product is too big for small bread puppies ,  so would recommend a different version for smaller breads . 
and too many of them are so used to living their lives that way . 
i recomend this product ,  but you cannot use it outdoors . 
my grandson is num_num and he loves this lunchbox . 
the light changes color accurately to indicate readiness . 
other than this ,  they both seem to be durable and rugged . 
when it arrived it would pull in some stations great others not so great . 
the ridges are so far apart ,  i feel like it s impossible to file anything properly . 
then i started to notice that it was quite loud for the first few minutes after startup . 
even my little sandisk sensa radio s doing better than this big plastic thing . 
i suggest using water of num_num degrees or cooler . my experience with this dragonwell was disappointing . 
i was ordering silk but the subscription service on silk vanilla soy was cancelled by amazon . 
only the glass lids and the aluminum at the edges could be damaged from washing in the dishwasher . 
come on mattel .  .  .  .  . i m sure most customers who have the time would instantly return these cheap toys . 
this mounts very well on all areas of both sized vehicles . 
it just didn t work for what i wanted . 
seriously ,  i can t understand why this case gets such good reviews . 
they hold up so well to the daily wear and tear of life . 
i keep up on all my reading and more .  .  .  . awesome phone . 
i expect a very slight escape of steam where they join . 
it seemed like a good idea at first ,  but i really should never have purchased this crappy product . 
great sound quality and i don t get tangled up . 
if you don t ,  then there is no picture at all . 
i purchased this book without taking the course . 
and ,  since it s using all that fuzzy logic stuff it has no idea when it s going to finish . 
it s beautifully designed and holds it heat . i am so pleased with it . 
i felt nauseous almost all the time on zantrex . 
the shirt also seemed a little large and the material a little thin . 
this spatula set gives you three useful tools at a reasonable price . 
they don t look much different ,  but the raider didn t start jamming till they got into these extra darts . 
so much for it saying it fits this model . 
the lower bass is artificially boosted and the upper freqs are rolled off . 
having several in a package as back up is very conveniant . 
the case interior is hard plastic and the palm doesn t even fit snugly . 
this setting is only intended for bare tiled or wood floors . 
this does have a nice purple color to it but it just wasn t for me . 
i have ordered other arch supports from spenco and have liked them . 
i do not believe these are moisturizing gloves . 
i returned to the verizon store where i bought it and exchanged it for another identical unit . 
it makes their back arch in a way that isn t num_extend
storing it is also easier with the more compact size . 
did not have to make coffee as often . 
these appeared after i used the skillet for the first time to fry chicken . 
again ,  compared to my other model ,  this holds far less num_extend
you can get a cs recon num_num of another $ an fyi and my opinion . 
their design is attractive and basic ,  and you know the benefits of pyrex . 
as long as the eggs are liquid ,  they are not too hot to melt the plastic . 
rent it and see if you like it .  .  . then if you do fork over the dough . 
just soak a bit in hot water and vinegar or spray with dawn degreaser foam . 
there isn t much to say about round cutters . 
excel is more difficult to use than a calculator and quite difficult to master in all its aspects . 
the cost is much cheaper at a big box chain . 
especially the cheap grinders are certainly no bargain . 
it shouldn t even be considered an accessory at all . 
easy to use and i love the fact that they are disposable . 
this camera uses fuji  and olympus  new  xd  memory . 
yes ,  it is not meant to do large areas of rugs . 
it promised to be a great product and durable . 
i wish cuisinart would invent one for their prep plus processors . 
it cleans nicely without a lot of work . 
particularly the end parts . this toy is expensive and does not work . 
it was dried out and i broke out everywhere . so far the best i have used is the simple brand . 
i ve had my farberware stainless steel nonstick skillet for a year and four months . 
this headset was very easy to setup and pair ,  both with my computer and my cell phone . 
for what it is made for ,  it absolutely does what it s supposed to . 
the design of this grater makes it very stable and handy . 
we have whole house beige carpet and a long hair german shepherd . 
there is a lot of repetition in the battles and the story lines are very weak . 
cleaning was more convenient . if i scored the shaver on closeness and speed ,  it would get num_num num_extend
matte doesn t have to mean  dull  ,  and that s where this product finds most of it s fault . 
and ,  i questioned how protective and versatile it would be . 
i was under the impression that when ordering this i got num_num lens . 
i wouldn t recommend it nor will i be purchasing it again . 
if it gets dirty i just toss it into the dishwasher . 
we use kernal hagenbauker s popcorn for a very tasty snack !     .  .  .    . 
;o the main intention obviously is baking bread ,  and it really does do a great job . 
i experimented filling it with water and picking it up by the handle on the top when locked . 
this plantronics voyager pro hd works great ,  very clear ,  i m happy i spent the extra money . 
all buttons and cutouts seem to be in the right place . 
just put a jump ring and add a keychain or cell phone charm attachment . 
the dark color makes the cake dook great . 
linksys routers also tend to be more reliable than this . 
we ordered this because we have two small children that have destroyed our carpet  lol  . 
by the second day my pits are starting to turn red and burn . 
there is still glue and bits of paper that i am still picking off . 
this item has every size you could possibly want and then some all in a nice ,  neat ,  compact unit . 
the volume can get very loud however .  .  .  .  . the voice call answer doesnt always understand me . 
i use this constantly for brewing kombucha and it s never given me any problems . 
the first few times i used it ,  it performed admirably . 
granted ,  i m a road warrior and my earbooms probably go through more abuse than a casual user . 
guess these are too cheap for fender to have qc on . will try other brands next time . 
plus ,  it would no longer fit into it s box ,  which i use to store all the parts . 
it s back to the braun kmm num_num for us . 
zagg offers lifetime replacement but i m pretty sure i voided that by trimming this . 
well made in the usa and using it is so much more satisfying than a pizza wheel . 
so much that i bought one for her phone and some friends and relatives asked where we got them . 
i take num_num elevator rides a day and people always look so the screen serves my purpose . 
bought this for my wife  per her request  and we both love it . 
much easier than trying to clean the solidified grease out of the plastic doohickey . this was a very pleasant suprise . 
the game itself is surrounded on the ring and the first few rows of ringside seating and nothing else . 
the protector also enables you to keep your screen clean . 
do yourself a huge favor and don t buy this set . 
i clean it within a few minutes of using it and it cleans up beautifully . 
i purchased this timer to track my dji phantom flight times . 
lol i see him sleeping in there every night . 
i usually just take the whole piece off . fourth ,  its just plain boring . 
it may work really well ,  but i m not going to get the chance to find out . 
i have purchased these treats from my pet food store many time and they were always bright orange . 
not impressed by any stretch ,  but it appears to be adequate . 
it is inexpensive ,  easy to get on ,  fits perfectly ,  and doesn t pick up dust like silicone . 
i think that this whisk will last forever . 
i suggest finding more natural products that will work for your hair and scalp . 
you can email me and thank me later . 
since this moisturizer is basically the highest rated sunscreen on the market ,  i m sort of at a loss now . 
not only in vegetable prep but also dough making and baby food ,  among many other things . 
very disapointed in this game !  it lacks everything that makes a rts great . 
my wife thinks they are too heavy for her ,  but i like them . 
they certainly have little idea what is fun . 
maybe it s just me but it smells exactly like how i remember a new barbie used smell like . 
have tried ,  and really enjoy ,  the blueberry and raspberry by brookside . 
so i will just have to keep looking for something she won t tear a hole in . 
i was expecting a better tasting drink for something that claims to be % juice . 
add to that alot of the dungeons have spawn timers on them in the game . 
these cables are good for charging overnight but not much more . 
not sure if it is defective or just awful . 
it was very well designed and works well with my iphone num_extend
the replacement set arrived today and was packed correctly this time and in perfect condition . 
i wanted a waterproof bag to put my fitbit zip  electronic pedometer  in and get some pool time credit . 
yes ,  i have the height and angle adjusted correctly . 
i wanted a phone with a good display ,  true num_extend data ,  and lots of available apps . 
kids with paper bags over their heads are beating something bloody in a canvas sack . 
i haven t been able to bend one yet . 
i suppose most people don t notice this ,  but this definitely makes a difference in charging time . 
i do like the cloth that they included with the packet of protectors . 
i had ordered this coffee maker through kohl s when they were having a sale . 
it is the perfect edition to the home espresso machine . 
a bit large for its practicality on the dining room table . 
i did that ,  and even after quite a bit of stirring wound up with something less than great . 
thinks it s the best thing that happened to him ,  but it doesn t do the job for us . 
they strongly prefer the kind with a stream of water . 
that gives it one star and that s about it . it was giving off very toxic industrial bonding material smell . 
we are very pleased ,  no regrets about not buying the one that cost $ more . 
i installed a second booster next  not on top of  to the first one . 
why ? because it s nothing but a piece of rubber . it doesn t look normal on the phone . 
i lost a similar one and was looking to replace it . 
this egg cooker seems to be of the same quality and cooks perfect eggs . 
i have been loving this yogurt maker until today when it ceased to function . 
got this for my num_num year old wife for christmas and she is completely enamored with it . 
i took a picture ,  thinking i could post it here . 
besides ,  it burns my armpits and skin turns bright red . 
but look at the rest of the stuff !  too sweet ,  including artificial sweetener . 
i used my label maker and made nice labels for each one ,  they even fit bay leaves nicely . 
the case fits easily and securely into holster for easy access . 
never had an issue with any of them . 
color looked orange ,  smelled funny ,  but worst part was it stung and irritated my sensitive skin . 
it seems relatively safe unless you are on any type of blood thinner ,  including a baby asprin at night . 
it was because of this that i decided to give blair s a second chance . 
i grind my own coffee bean using eight o clock french roast . 
i also like the fact that you can cook without a timer . 
it holds the products well and they seem secure . 
the oxo spins lettuce ,  cabbage ,  spinach quickly and easily . 
as others have said ,  it is very stiff ,  which does get better with wear . 
i have tiles in all of my rooms so i assume it might take a bit longer on carpeting . 
i dont believe i paid retail $ for this at my local bestbuy . 
i love that it is very easy to clean . 
that gives you a complete refund ,  and sends a message to belkin . 
got tired of guesstimating and getting the stuff from the spoon to the sheet . 
looking to get num_extend version to hopefully solve this issue . 
it is a good value for the money . 
this vehicle dock is meant to work with the atrix num_extend phone ,  also from motorola . 
having now tested the duration of the extended battery its absolutely a longer life than the standard . 
i bought these after doing research on the best brand of tweezers and was really excited to get these . 
personally ,  i can see my daughter using baby alive much more . 
the bubbling is sort of cute but not relaxing ,  and it actually splashes out of the tub . 
sad to say the fleas are still sucking my cats dry . 
i thought it might be another product ,  but i didn t discontinue using that product ,  only the concealer . 
these taste like solid molasses bars ,  hardly any licorice flavor at all !  !  !  . 
i can t say my iphone num_num would look the same way though . 
the glove is a little stiff ,  and does not come on and off easily . 
these are far from clear ,  let alone crystal clear . 
the red was true to color as you see it in the photo and fits perfectly . 
absolutely horrible when put in shoes !  keep these little buggers in something other than shoes . 
i bought this model in december ,  num_num as a family christmas gift based on reviews i read here . 
our kitchen table is about num_extend to num_num feet away from the back of the sofa . 
i was hoping this was a much more play friendly toy . 
this puppy is great ! big enough for any job ! and heavy !  real stainless steal !  . 
the digital number display is hard to read . 
this is for cooking in a fire ,  above ,  or with coals . 
easier than going to the corner beverage emporium to buy one for $
it was the cheap price that lured me into buying num_num of these ,  but it s not made very well . 
i will never buy another hoya filter .  .  .  . they used to be better . 
but if i had to do it over ,  i would get a different bag . 
i started using the old transmitter and am very happy with it . 
jawbone are by the best bluetooth out there so therefore i purchased the icon hd . 
easy to hold onto  good if you have kids !   . 
so this charger will help ,  but will not take your phone from num_num to % charge . recommended . 
no really that much grip on the back so it s sorta smooth but that s fine for me . 
you can get a better taste from your own garbage disposal . 
the glass lids are very nice ,  and while the skillets are small ,  they re nice . 
bought two of these jars to add to my candy bar collection of apothecary jars and containers . 
the other paring knives clean wax out of candles now . 
kitchenaid should get zero stars for this one . 
i have purchased much more expensive kitchen utensils and have been very disappointed . 
i thought that a low speed setting for the mixer would be most appropriate . 
i think i m going to have to buy something else . 
the included brush is not useful ,  i would use a kabuki instead . 
but at least they are working right now . 
recommend this case for protection ,  for sleekness and looks . 
your guy will love his case ,  especially if he grew up in the era of cassettes . 
love the forwarding and stopping of the music . 
by far the best value for cases for this horrible phone . 
according to the directions ,  it still should be working for at least another num_num wks . 
i also can t get it to work with our sony received . 
this device nearly made it to the five star category despite that shortcoming . 
i have regular communication with members of their product development team regarding each product i use . 
will never order this sort of item again . 
very easy to clean ,  just get yourself a bottle brush . 
the  service  person just denied that the smearing happened . 
i didn t hit it on anything or catch it on anything . 
both parties could make out what was being said but it wasn t close to being great . 
clearly manufacturing standards have dropped and the quality and design of this product has diminished . 
i would guess there is very little maple in here . 
with the unit being very lightweight this isn t a concern . 
in the new pot doesn t hold a candle to a num_extend pot . 
it tightly fits the camera and thats it . 
though the graphics aren t as flashy as crazy taxi ,  i highly recommend  the simpsons :  road rage  as an alternative . 
you cannot change the name from penske to let s say  joes racing  or anything else you might want . 
this mandoline is so easy to set up ,  use ,  break down and clean that i keep it right handy . 
corn of the cob is one of his favorites and this device allows him to cook quickly between classes !  . 
i had some worry about using it on the ceramic cook top ,  but it works wonderful . 
this pan is well constructed and is made in the us . 
instead of making my fine hair on edges grow ,  it caused irritation and my hair fell out . 
the quality control is definitely hit or miss . 
only by removing the case can i get a proper picture when i have the flash turned on . 
the glaive is incredibly weak and has such a short range of attack . 
in addition ,  somehow the msm made us feel uncomfortable and somewhat bloated . our own experience . 
the smell is not horrible like some people claim . 
i m a little concerned that it may have been tampered with . 
looks sharp ,  cost effective ,  saves your screen from scratches ,  good solution for screen protection . 
i mean ,  come on !  it s ok for me to pace all over the office ,  but not everyone else . 
if you like your tea strong with milk ,  seek no further . 
the battery lasts on average num_num hours with barely any usage . 
the anchor hocking has more of a twist and a curl . 
the benadryl extra strength itch stopping gel istoo strong for my rash skin . 
it is easy on the tongue ,  and leaves the mouth refreshed . 
this back cushion appeared to have the lumbar support that was mentioned in the description . 
i washed the old one and will leave it to dry in the window for about num_num days . 
i was skeptical at first ordering this product . 
they stay nice using even the sharpest knife . 
fortunately it is a new num_extend lte phone and we have an unlimited data plan . 
i have to touch the base to see if it s warm to know it s working . 
samsung galaxy note ii .  .  .  .  . first of all it did not want to go into my phone with out a fight . 
it lasts longer than my old one and it charges quicker than my old one too . 
it s nice to have something different to look at once in a while . 
appears very flimsy which can be a concern as the base of the unit holds the water . 
if you are looking for a great bluetooth thisnis it . 
the galaxy num_extend is the same price and has a metal gear box . 
my son did not even wear it for that many times . 
 yes ,  i said dishwasher .   though the earlier one could be washed in the dishwasher ,  it was too big . 
i ve been looking for just the right cordial glasses and these fit the bill . 
i don t regret buying it but i will not buy it again . 
the old on the plastic was brittle and things kept breaking but the unit still worked and functioned great . 
however ,  it is nothing like those old brushes so if that is what you are looking for ,  don t bother . 
the results from this were not what had been expected . 
great bags ,  but i have a feeling i cld have gotten them for cheaper somewhere else . 
i avoid oxybenzone which apparently disrupts human hormonal num_extend
i couldn t get it tight enough on the rail without the retainer nuts giving out . 
it doesn t look rusted until you look at it with a magnifying glass in direct sunlight . 
but when it arrived ,  it included everything along with usb . 
they now don t seal and i can t tell what the num_extend the deal is . 
this is confirmed true by all the reviews out there . 
they are nice and seem to do the trick . 
i like it . design is functional and product puts together well . 
the num_extend is a bit intimidating as it s so heavy duty . 
also the electronics are much less likely to get wet ,  which is  we believe  why our old one died . 
i can get these with two day shipping for less than i can buy them in my local stores . 
but this is largely because of the packaging . 
shun also makes more expensive chef knives; but the classic line are perfect for my home cooking uses . 
we bought these for use with a third generation ipod and an iphone num_extend
anytime we ve ordered the former ,  it turns out to be crap . 
as a snack ,  there is a nasty aftertaste that i presume to be from the addition of antioxidants . 
the buttons are small and cumbersome ,  poorly labeled and laid out . 
i would only transfer half of the design to a nail and the rest would peel off . 
this print server doesn t work with windows num_extend
 once you figure out the correct dosage that you need . 
distance in the center lengthwise between padlock holes; num_extend
i have owned all kinds of knives ,  expensive ones and cheap ones . 
the case literally soaks up the sweat from your arm and soaks the back of your phone with it . 
it does not work and i used it diligently . 
the one draw back is the salad plate . 
would recommend and would by again if needed . 
touch screen is fairly responsive but could use some additional customization for num_extend
this knife looks great and performs even better . 
but i can see them when i am reading a book in ibooks  white background  . 
i have two myself that i use frequently . 
i ve had the dmr num_extend for over two years now and it is terrible . 
this works great ,  and is easy to assemble and disassemble for easy storage . 
aromas and essential oils have been shown to seriously affect various brain and internal organ functions . 
these are great for entertaining and an easy meal . 
this larger screen makes typing on the virtual keyboard much more accurate and easier to use than smaller screens . 
it goes great with its lid and the lid fits nicely . 
i bought a new kitchen cart with small drawers . 
too loose for any hope of retention ,  and the belt clip broke the first time i used it . 
i was so excited when i found these blocks . 
she ate the ham and spat out the dog food . 
it is uncomfortable to use ,  cheaply made and was dull right out of the packaging . 
that being said ,  this is a great product . 
keep a watchful eye on your pot and it will do you a good job . 
once again ,  squaresoft has screwed up another ff game . 
easy to use ,  even if you have no clue about knife sharpening . 
i couldn t even think of if it helped with sweating or not because the b . o . 
i also have checked with the bb website to ensure the current packing is silver cap . 
i got grey flannel from amazon after reading all the reviews . 
i began having all the symptoms of a cold and especially a sore throat and a cough . 
i had previously owned rs num_extend and they were lost . 
i would suggest heating up both sides well before adding the batter . 
i just hope that honeywell reads these reviews and picks up on this flaw to improve in future models . 
we just got swamp with rain and i check nice and dry . 
they were inexpensive ,  but why replace them ?  this worked like a charm . 
also ,  it can be a bit hard to remove the case from your phone . 
buttons are small but as with anything else ,  you adapt to it . 
look closely at the construction ,  and notice the plastic u shaped holder that actually holds the ear piece . 
without a doubt these are some of the finest little scissors around . 
they were very quick to ship me a product with high quality . 
these were nice size wisbut found them to be not the color they appeared to be . 
they don t sell products on their website ,  so the part about refunds cannot apply . 
i m sorry ,  but the ds mops the floor with the psp when it comes to actual gameplay . 
if you think you will be using induction cooking ,  then calphalon will not work for you . 
best sneakers i ve ever worn ,  i m damn serious !  !  !  . 
it works but only for about num_num cups or less . 
in num_num days ,  which impressed me to the max . 
used one at a cooking class and loved it . 
i have very fine ,  naturally medium to dark brown hair with very little grey at the temples . 
he smashed it and threw it in the trash he hated it so much . 
i finally threw this game away from frustration . 
much better than a keurig of which i have owned a few . 
the large feet keep the rack from tipping over ,  especially if there are toddlers around . 
it is a great product at a great price and i would definitely recommend it !  . 
the main villain is some fat blue lady . 
it felt like i was biting on sand pieces . 
they look like they have been washed one hundred times  !  !  . 
i tried it out on his palm first and then the back of his hand . 
like apple ,  you can only purchase your apps from the included application on the phone . 
i trusted the positive reviews posted here and bought one . 
these suction cups are great depending on what your purpose of use is . 
sometimes i get only a handful of pictures in before they die . 
so i called lodge and asked who was right . 
i thought this might be a sticking point but it is not an issue for me . 
the best suggestion was to uninstall and reinstall ,  perhaps without any memory cards . 
this has worked it s magic ,  been using for grinding my fruit for jam . 
sucked on a few for a couple of days while doing work . 
one drawback on my end ,  didn t realize this takes rawhide refills so i would need to buy the refills . 
these are very pretty ,  delightfully heavy and substantial old fashioned glasses . 
i still haven t been able to get it to work right . 
this is the second purchase of this cover for my appliances and they are great . 
i think he s afraid of getting his gorgeous fluffy tail caught . 
serves me right for trusting samsung and world wide distributors . 
i can t say enough great things about this bose headset . 
even with apps like pandora radio the overview looks cheap . 
never had this problem with my motorola branded ones . 
the screen no longer slips into place when flipped open and the letter  a  has fallen out . 
there is nothing good to say about this cable . 
i think its about the same size ,  maybe a teeny bit bigger but not by much at all . 
i have had this phone almost num_num weeks num_extend days  . 
at $ you get what you pay for . 
and yes ,  it does get hot .  . coffeemakers do keep coffee pots hot . 
as usual ,  my samsung cell phone charger that i purchased through amazon was just what i ordered . 
sure it gets a little better ,  but it s still there . this lens is frustrating !  i m selling mine !  . 
if you hope to serve more than num_num people you will need something a lot larger than this . 
when it is plugged in and drawing power the disc turns blue . 
have one for butter and one for margarine . 
which is just fine for up to about num_num feet ,  maybe more . 
it stores well and is compact enough to leave out on the counter top . 
however ,  the color melted on some of my other prized cases and they were ruined . 
this model is useful to me only as a glorified watch . 
with the easy adjustment instructions you can make the grounds even finer than the dial indicates . 
after my first couple of months use i found that i got a stream rather than a spray . 
i first thought $ for a spoon ?  ?  !  !  but ordered it anyway because it looked good and sturdy . 
i will share with my audience both online and in person the sorry pitiful apology i received . 
only good thing is the graphics ,  but that s it . 
just turned out to be a waste of money from my perspective . 
the only thing soundtracker does to those signals is compress them . 
such a simple concept that i didn t think it was going to work !  works beautifully . 
i never had a  potato  head when i was a kid so maybe i didn t really have realistic expectations . 
my wife likes to bake ,  and she read in a magazine about cookie dough scoops . 
in these areas it completely covers your skin with a thick unnatural looking coating . 
steam sucked at the beginning ,  but it s awesome now ,  and doesn t spy on you . so please ,  guys . 
mounted in shower ,  used it to replace one that was really old and a different make . 
i can t believe people like this game so much ?  it s like playing a boring rpg . 
when i did ,  i was sent two order confirmations . 
not to mention that you get added iron by just cooking in them . 
i get perfect size each and every time . 
this tumbler is very nice for keeping your drink hot . 
using the tray expands the types of foods you can dehydrate without making a big ,  hard to clean ,  mess . 
i tried it without anything but the popcorn as well as with a table spoon of oil . 
those are not machined like others ,  these are casted and not very good . some show burrs from the molds . 
i recently purchased the hamilton beach num_num health smart and i love it . 
we used ceramic spoon rests but every one of them ultimately snapped at the handle s curve . 
the company that sent them were kind enough to take them back . 
the fighting in the game is stupid as well because you just walk up and punch dudes . 
it looks like it cost much more than it did . 
i can mix and proof dough ,  or use the stick blender to make a creamy soup . 
i don t know why they made it like that . 
it will happen ,  they are right next to each other . 
i ordered them ,  and was happy with how quickly i got them  love prime  . 
that type of mug will certainly keep drinks hot for hours . 
i think my husband put it toward the back of garage now .  .  . oh well . 
i used this pan for my son s birthday party . 
i like the boker knives that i have owned in the past and liked the design of this one . 
i don t believe this is the genuine ysl eclat product . 
nevertheless ,  the fish eye and macro lens are great . 
feel safer now if it were to drop . 
more noise than i expected from a reasonably small toy . second ,  my cats did not interact with this toy . 
i ve melted more than one of these plastic basters . 
i am not a wine connoisseur ,  and i like to enjoy a glass occasionally . 
doesn t have the  good vibes  of cast iron ,  and probably not the health benefits ,  either !  . 
also ,  the white balance is off on most occasions . 
i went to sleep .  .  . not good ,  not even worth trying . 
my advice ,  plan on buying some separate cords . 
it is a nice case ,  fits well and it is easy to insert and remove my ipod touch . 
the breadman has started acting up and replacement parts are no longer available . 
unfortunately ,  two out of the three seem to have significantly weakened batteries . 
i would recommend it for num_num foodies or num_num dieters . 
get a single edge ,  injector ,  or a straight razor  if you have time for their maintenance and learning curve  . 
once a person has done this once they will never num_extend
you see jagged lines on filter surface ,  makes reading harder for you as well . 
we found another pizza stone at amazon which is thicker and seems to do a better job . 
this was very easy to install ,  is made sturdy and is exactly how it is described . 
i had to give my wife mine and purchase another one . 
these covered saucepans are very handy for different purposes . 
this arrived quickly and i had it assembled and full of items within num_num minutes . 
just remember the num_extend and num_extend use two different digitizers . 
these were not cut right to fit the evo . 
he likes it ,  but thinks it is too big for one mug of coffee . 
if i can do it ,  this opener should be able to as well . 
it get s very poor reception until up on the hill . 
i wish it was sold by amazon with measuring cups and spoons as i already have both . 
it feels like a nice solid device in the hand . 
i haven t had any issues with fraying threads or anything yet . 
my children grew up using it ,  and then it disappeared one day . 
it was an iphone problem not a problem with the headphones . 
i have gone through several different digital thermometers ,  all just didn t perform well . 
i do not like when amazon ships merchandise out in the original manufacturers  boxes . 
i used it for a few days and felt worse . 
the unknown mvno cost $ for the device i believe ,  and it only receives num_extend
i shipped it back to amazon and bought a bag instead . 
this lil device has cut back my oil consumption in cooking yet providing a lovely taste to my dishes . 
i had read other reviews and figured i d give it a try anyways . 
had to restart that phone because it couldn t get a gps signal for num_extend
being able to be good during the day and evil during the num_extend
i changed the rating from four stars to two . 
the canister ,  the ring ,  the bowl ,  the scraper ,  the lid ,  and the turn handle . 
veggies need to be chopped into relatively small pieces and you have to feed them in num_extend
i made a few changes to the card settings in the configuration utility that came with the card . 
at this price and no shipping cost ,  grab yourself a few packs . 
they both rock ,  and this game can just be skipped . 
this is a very nice little tea strainer . 
it is not for everyday use or people . 
they of cores reimbursed me but why the huge difference from same company ?  let down . 
i do hope the exterior of this shoe holds up . 
i have always used wahl products and always had good experiences . 
i like the idea of having a pen and tablet stylus in one product . 
before i place the order i was worried that it might not fit but it does . 
this one with the stamp made in italy and sold for $ more expensive . 
gotta protect your hands so i would not recommend this . 
blue lizard num_num is not as good of ingredients as badger but still better than vanicream num_extend
technically ,  it should be possible for you to do this . 
i would have gotten more use from a $ toy than this . 
i use about num_num to num_num oz of milk for a num_num oz latte . 
i gave num_num stars instead of num_num because the actual hook on the suction cup could be bigger . 
num_num stars for no solo singing and creepy voice . 
i have a sturdier set that i like better ,  but then they are quality and were $
up close the figures are poorly painted and not even close to characters in the movie . 
i own an assortment of peelers ,  and have tried several others at friends  homes . 
they clump up and foul the filter . pulse the motor until you have the correct consistency . 
not the exact kennel pictured ,  this shows the old style varikennel . 
i also found out that you cannot delete downloaded or transfer file on the device itself . 
on the other hand it is a good price . 
i was hoping to use this product to illuminate my desktop keyboard ,  which i use at night . 
the cuisinart ice cream maker lacks in capacity ,  so the obvious solution was to have a second freezer bowl . 
not worth the money for the cost of the refills . 
it does brew good enough coffee compares to starbucks  for us . 
the only redeeming quality is the smell :  it smells divine ,  like a tropical flower garden . 
good quality ceramic and it actually does what it says ,  . 
i bought it but ended up throwing it away . 
accepts larger spice containers and even olive oil bottles and vinegars . 
the battery lights are handy ,  since you have a good idea of how much charge is left . 
i hope that over time they don t get loose . 
it really was like one day it works ,  the next day it doesn t . 
htc hero is a very new product that i use for my personal use from sprint . 
the dough does not fall through the holes . 
they like other scratchers ,  but this one does nothing for them . 
the padding is excellent and the material breaths good . 
with this i know i am using olive oil only with no other additives in it . 
if you don t do so ,  it can cause problems . 
we bought two sets ,  and have num_num glasses left . 
on a num_num minute commute ,  i can go from % charge to % with bluetooth enabled . 
this results in a noisy drive train that will skip gears often . 
i purchased num_extend one for my reg headlights and one for my fogs . 
i think its because the treats are too hard ,  rather than the taste . 
i purchase most of our dog equipment from amazon . 
i bought this mixer before the num_extend ones were available about num_num years ago . 
so i have to get out the manual opener to finish the job . 
it fits well ,  it s sturdy ,  and everything lines up; the metal buttons make it easy to use . 
i also enjoyed the additional mini features on the itorch . 
cvs didn t have coty powder  which is my favorite powder in the world  ,  so i picked this crap up . 
i received this on time ,  however ,  the waver does not work . 
it does have a flashlight on it ,  but it is not very bright . 
now for num_num min he is breathing heavy ,  if he doesn t calm soon i ll be calling the vet . 
we bought it on amazon ,  on sale for about $ with free shipping from   .  .  .   . 
don t bother with the circular ones at all . 
i bought a large jug of kernels from a warehouse store and it seems like its bottomless . 
the only good thing is the mini turkey baster they give you to do your own feedings . 
i have owned several timex ironman watches over the years . 
the num_extend produces consistantly even grounds with num_num adjustable settings for fineness . 
it strains fairly fine particles ,  is easy to clean and seems durable . 
have to be a bit careful with it ,  and maybe avoid slicing really hard butter . 
i ve wanted a good chef s knife for a while . 
the only kind of bagel that won t work in this slicer is the very fresh . 
if you re looking for  sims in space !   ,  this is your game . 
they are then ground down to shape afterward . 
but the case just wasn t durable and didn t fit properly . 
seems like rubbing paper over your nails but eventually it will work . 
i would advise potential buyers to consider this product a gamble at best . 
he still plays with the garage but it s not as much fun . 
i have been very happy with these clips !  . 
i ve never seen a grinder with more flare then this one ,  plus it makes a great cup of coffee . 
anyways ,  my point is don t buy this game . 
i bought this for my husband whose over zealousness when wringing out a lime broke the plastic one . 
they seem to be great considering all the apps he continuously runs . 
i had this case on my blackberry for years . 
the blood is everywhere ,  and it really takes the quote  fun  out of the game . 
in fact ,  the eureka is so well designed that it seems to roll easier than the hoovers . 
this is nothing short of sabotaging our own economy for personal profit  more than  lower prices  .  .  .  .  .   . 
now they re saving up for one ,  as they would like their own . 
the leather isn t real obviously but it s an attractive ,  simple case . 
it was a royal pain in the butt to use and clean . 
i am a complete litter slave until they come up with something that actually works . 
i ended up throwing the case in the trash . 
i used it to connect my ihome alarm clock to my iphone inside the otterbox . 
i m usually pretty satisfied with the design and quality of this company s products . 
i am male with size num_num feet ,  so buying an extended size sock that fits is critical . 
i love it !  i ve made all kinds of things in it and it does a great job . 
i had it paired with mylg num_extend num_extend phone ,  blue  verizon wireless within seconds . 
i wouldn t know about that ,  but i do know i m never buying any chebe products again . 
there are two tanks with one being portable so you can lift it out and fill it . 
takes about num_num hours . i have not used the battery yet . 
it should go with every bottle of wine that you take to a friend s house for dinner . 
i bought it only based on amazon reviews and i really disappointed that this highly rated item is useless . 
i have three very large cats ,  and they have trouble fitting into the box . 
i made a bunch of waffles and freezed most of them . 
this feels like i m misting plain water on my hair . 
i tried to put on one of the gloves ,  the top partbroke off and snapped into . 
i would not recommend on any note variant . 
the num_extend network is definitely getting faster ,  although possibly because they implemented a num_extend per billing cycle  soft cap  . 
being steel with no plastic coating i can set a hot pot on it which is good . 
good product i got it for my husband but he hasn t had any complaints about it . 
did not fit right inside of my ears they kept falling out and wouldn t stay in place . 
they are headphones that sit within your ear ,  but do not insert within the ear canal . 
even more powerful than my old dyson !  i could hardly believe it when i turned it on . 
it s a perfect replacement and looks exactly like the original . 
this is a fine tool for very light use . 
wanted a conical burr grinder but could not justify the cost . 
it also seems to hold its edge well . of course ,  it works perfectly with cheese . 
i had to superglue it back on to stay . 
the wallet part fits num_num cards ,  it can fit more because i ve jammed in the occasional num_extend card . 
it doesn t close or stay closed so it s in a ziplock . 
i m not sure what game the other reviewers are playing ,  but this one is utter crap . 
if you want them ,  buy professional set at their official website . 
if some of the adjustments were more secure ,  it would have been perfect . 
it is reinforced where it needs to be and everything is accessible ,  even on verizon iphone num_extend
i finally got the clips that cyclists use for their cuffs . 
i have to cut veggies in hunks to put in chopper . 
in case you re wondering ,  it does not stand up to the teeth of a three month old puppy . 
this is the best butter cutter i have used . 
little black plug fits easily into earphone hole on num_extend and in num_extend hole with a stronger push . 
perhaps in the location of the speaker that pick up your voice . 
i tried three times but couldn t get the machine to do anything . 
well ,  i loved num_extend and num_extend and i assumed this one would be just as good . 
num_extend because the trigger that opens the spout is hard to open . 
i have used it and i love it !  it s very light and very deep . 
i lost one on a plane a few weeks ,  so this time i ordered two . 
the only problem i have is the switch stops working . 
i bought this along with it the first time . 
very high quality product ,  excellent design for tea brewing ,  leakproof seal . 
it unlocked my pantech num_extend just like that . 
it is easy to clean and fits perfect in the coffee pot i just purchased . 
the taste is only slight more flavorful than water . 
i have an iphone num_extend ipad num_extend and my children also have ipads . 
good initial performance ,  and then these bloody energizer batteries can t hold a charge . 
i needed a good burr grinder to use after i received an espresso machine for xmas . 
glides super easy ,  and is a breeze to clean . 
but from what i hear in other reviews ,  a lot of people have been dropping and breaking glass pots . 
i bought this because it was a great size and was inexpensive . 
well ,  at least the platter rotates and plays records .  .  . that s about it . 
i m using nikon ,  num_extend num_extend num_extend  because i will never ever sell this camera  . 
i can play the game fine up to the space age .  .  . who knows . 
spend a little bit money and get one that will last and are a pleasure to use . 
the scent of coffee made this way fills your house . 
this works great !  the top stays on with limited tossing around . 
give these guys a chance to help you . 
good product ,  found it at a local flee market where the price was a lot cheaper . 
this makes the sensation even more desirable ,  also it s variety of customs roms available . 
i have relaxed hair and perhaps it s not for my type of hair . 
okay ,  i don t proclaim to be a chef or even enjoy cooking all that much as a hobby . 
this screen protector bubbles as soon as you put it on . 
this residue can be seen in the light after washing and drying . 
turn a light on when you pour the water . 
as one reviewer mentioned ,  this is pretty lacking in any clams at all . 
i was pleasantly surprised how well both functioned . 
further ,  it often leaves quite a few big chunks . 
thus ,  i offer a resounding one star for poor performance by sony . 
warm feet really do make a huge difference . 
it s a great addition to my collection of other rubbermaid spatula s . 
so i immediately came back to amazon and ordered another one . 
i ran clear water through it again and again . 
have always had good luck with theirappliances and cookware . 
i found the beans stayed hard and the flavor was dull . 
you really are getting all the juice you can out of your produce . 
i am totally in love with this cooker . 
i may buy a couple more for my daughters to use too . 
they do not appear on your skin especially if you are of color . 
it s a dual bladed helicopter similar to the chinook . 
unless i can find a better way to apply this ,  i won t be using it . 
i have noticed with some cans very fine flakes of sealant in the contents right along the edges . 
this worked perfectly and you can t even tell its there because of the overhang . 
the cases r so slim that the discs r touching . 
now it takes me num_num seconds to prepare and num_num minutes to cook perfect poached eggs . 
i have not complaints it does the job perfectly and i have had no problems with it . 
true calm amino relaxer :  i tried this a few times and it didn t do anything for me . 
i replaced the battery with this and it worked perfectly . 
looking for some extras so i ll have these for the rest of my life to use  :   . 
i think i will  regift  these at xmas time . 
this keeper is a nice large garlic keeper . 
no one will even believe they are fiestaware !  !  . 
look at one of the cheaper flash players . 
the person i was talking to heard me clearly and precisely ,  no background noise or clutter whatsoever . 
this one produces fine particles only .  .  .  . but i am happy with it and do highly recommend it . 
the worst part is ,  pur said it s not covered under warranty because it s a  wear and tear  item . 
amazon sent me replacements after contacting them ,  but they were the same . 
i bought these for my son to set up his first kitchen . 
however ,  the engraving is very shallow and in less than a year the engraving was worn almost completely away . 
to my surprise the unit began to talk to me and tried to guide me through the setup . 
seriously ,  they are not worth the effort of ordering and carrying around your neck . i sent them back . 
chicken wings and legs need to be secured with the elastic ties or butcher string . 
he isn t into towing it behind him  yet  but he does enjoy trying to rip off the back legs . 
this game came with the original nintendo system back in late num_extend
this is great fun when i m brewing coffee for dinner guests . 
this is a very useful method to understand what s happening with the sharpener and with your knife blades . 
i had never purchased a product manufactured by lg but was pleasantly surprised . 
very roomy cup with very thin coverage makes me feel very exposed . 
the crackers were your basic ritz type crackers and were as expected . 
i made some cream of wheat in it for breakfast . 
but i am discarding this headphone for reasons stated above . 
this is not orange and tangerine juice; it s mainly apple and grape juice flavored with orange and tangerine . 
as i mentioned ,  though ,  connecting my ipod touch turned out to be painful . 
i noticed the difference in the flavor of my coffee right away with this . 
these oggi glasses are not at all of the same quality . 
out of all of my iron ware this one was so disgusting i washed it with soap . 
the knives were so lousy that we could barely cook . 
i would have preferred that they send me a pillbox that actually worked . 
this means the speaker has to be in the back of the mounting plate for the gasket to work . 
i got these thinking all ipod cable were the same  or as good  . 
im just surprised at all the stellar reviews on amazon . 
i m not sure why it s described as heavy duty . 
foods i don t like to package on top of one another in the package . 
i was getting them for my sister who has alzheimer s end stages . 
now it doesn t do any of those things . 
the num_num quart artisan model is perfect for me . 
everyone seems to be missing the same points . 
dell s bluetooth module has always been problematical ,  so i will assume it is the computer and not the jabra . 
my vacuum cleaner now works like it s brand spanking new !  . 
i tried it for the full num_num days to no avail . 
it s the easiest coffee maker i ve ever had ,  and still use it nearly every day . 
but i detest cruel treatment of any animal ,  even a mouse . 
the game is very predictable and is also very slow moving . 
it only toasted one side of the bread most of the time . 
i have called leapfrog on three separate occassions and that was even more of a disaster . 
great price ,  and i would recommend to anyone . 
that includes the charger hole ,  headphone port and hdmi port . 
i purchased a pair of these num_num months ago and have less than num_num miles on them . 
it was a bit difficult to cut through the apple . 
i had to go back to aveeno at night just so my skin wouldn t flake because of lifecell . 
i really needed an extra battery because i use my phone for work a great deal of the time . 
the silicon layer is not really for protection ,  its just so the second layer doesn t ruin the phone . 
terrible never had it in hand bad knife found out it was a ripoff not a good product . 
it does not snap together properly on my phone . 
it is thick and hefty but not heavy . 
i also found it difficult to mount on the glasses and helmet . 
it s pretty large ,  so would be good for washing greens as well as draining pasta . 
i was looking for the ultimate machine that would get num_num stars; there isn t such a machine . 
the wizard was unable to get an address via dhcp ,  and so guessed that i use a static ip . 
we received the cars num_num version ,  which we already owned . 
i guess you can t expect a lot for under $
i do recommend a plantronics unit over this simply due to the features on it . 
and yes ,  i followed the directions on the package . 
these boots didn t even last half the time as the first pair i bought him . 
otterbox is the absolute best case for cell phones . 
for cleanup you can just throw it in the dishwasher and it s good to go . 
if you are masculine guy with any kind of muscles please buy other brands with other styles . 
ive only used it a few times and its worked fine . 
the coating appears to be a good quality surface . 
i can t know how it s going to hold up at this point ,  but it appears very sturdy . 
not at all what i was looking for . 
not more but if you have num_num extra batteries like me this charger really you will like it . 
many states now limit phosphates to % in dishwasher detergent . 
the skewers help you make perfect sates ,  kebabs or large vegetables . 
great price ,  product fit the phone well ,  came on time . 
as soon as i put the replacement bottle in ,  they drank with a vengeance . 
i make sun tea with it almost exclusively . 
i often eat cereal and ice cream out on the patio and hold the bowls in my hand . 
mine did not come on package displayed on picture but after all it works so who cares !  !  . 
i also reset the phone to no avail . 
i ve had lots of compliments on this case . 
i ve had two types of sangean radios of this size and i use them to fall asleep at night . 
i bought this about a month ago and it works great . 
seriously ,  if hitler were around today ,  this would be his favorite soup . 
the handle on my bottle broke from the body because the weld spot gave up . 
there is only num_num ounces to a box . 
the other reviewers who described the noise as annoying are quite correct however . 
i had always used thin cut steak and marinated it for a day or two and then dehydrated . 
one other negative to is is the plastic housing .  .  . it shouldn t be dropped . 
the phone is crystal clear and sounds great . 
i don t need the extra room for more food ,  and you can t easily store leftovers while camping . 
it has edges that can tear into your roof so i had to do some taping . 
 how many times ,  it s too early to tell .  i burned the popcorn the first time ,  but knew this was likely . 
good concept but does not work at all with hair of any thickness . 
it is so nice to smoothly slide it out where it s off the floor and closer to the counter . 
the only problem i have is with usability . 
this item does need extra cleaning care because it does dirty quickly . 
that would make num_num cost $ and they want to charge $ this is simply outrageous . 
so far ,  this one has done great on everything from hard crust breads to turkeys and hams . 
cut off a piece of saran wrap about the size of the wax square . 
i was parked at a truck stop in the cincinnati oh area . 
no mess to create food deposits and stain plus no clean up of the mess . 
it mostly taste like a two day old cup of cold coffee . 
i still cut meat on my regular board . 
i can t get it loud enough to hear when used with the iphone . 
i use the larger container for cotton swabs and it holds a large amount . 
the grill marks on the top are very shallow ,  making this device better for panini than for grilling meat . 
if you want to keep the pan looking pretty ,  hand wash it . 
i purchased this to use in a thunderbolt while i waited about num_num months for my upgrade . 
i am using this to keep my garmin nuvi num_num powered up while driving . 
i can get two full charges on an iphone num_extend
worked great !  the first time i tried it ,  i was very impressed with how well it charges . 
i bought these insulated bottles to keep some cold water at hand when on my long rides . 
although you have to pay for the shipping back to them . 
this tray was just what i was looking for . 
its size isn t all that much bigger than some other modern keyboards i have used . 
i was a little concerned reading the reviews before i purchased . 
this is the first thing i reach for when i need to mix ,  puree ,  whip ,  or chop something . 
i would never pay $ as it is no where near worth $
i will update the review again after some battery use . 
i love the ngp ,  the tactile feel of the whole case is great . 
however ,  i can t begin to describe how much i hate this paper . 
i loved how it was perfectly slim ,  and had a lovely pearly finish . 
as soon as i notified amazon of the return ,  they shipped a replacement back out to me . 
but ,  it looks great on my iphone num_extend  :   . 
if you guide the cutter with your free hand it does most of the peel . 
she is happy that is all that matters . 
i tried them ,  the combo of the acne fighting ingredients proved too strong for my skin . 
but ,  use a larger diameter pot ,  and it will eliminate it . 
we bought these sheets ,  of course ,  based on the recommendations from consumer reports . 
this is by far the most disgusting chocoate gluten free bar i have ever eaten . 
it s sharper ,  holds an edge longer and just plain grates better than any grater ever made . 
jars; noodles ,  instant potatoes ,  flour ,  sugar ,  etc .  ,  in half gallon jars . 
so instead ,  i ordered the number one on amazon :  a mr coffee with all the features this one has . 
i will not buy this food for my dog . 
both said they could not hear me for the roar in the background . 
hard shifts ,  missed shifts . just not for my num_num cylinder push rod num_num stroke num_extend wet clutch . 
i highly recommend buying them ,  and hand washing once used . 
i always have to manually connect the dish hopper to make it work properly . 
i like these ,  but cheaper to buy a grocery store or walmart brand for less . 
engraved markings to use with the right food group . 
i will definitely not be purchasing this product again . 
i cant for the life of me understand how they got such good reviews . 
i am very serious about my facial care in order to prevent present and future wrinkles . 
using the same moves from the first title . 
i received a good quality product num_extend an num_extend time around . 
so what if it s  organic  ?  it tastes terrible . 
i got thease for my mom so she s not stuck useing the big one all the time . 
had the description been detailed about the cup ,  i would never have ordered it . 
just use the top two and the large hole with three fingers and it works great . 
hope my chef husband doesn t permanently borrow it . 
obviously everyone s tastes are different ,  so just because i didn t like this doesn t mean you won t . 
i like that it came in a package of ten with a great price !  . 
i had to do a force close after the phone would not turn on completely . 
the coffee was anemic and the steamer didn t quite cut it . 
bad latches ,  dont buy this if you want it to last . 
it did make the skin under my eyes soft ,  so that was a plus . 
you can get about % battery out of it which is decent enough considering the price for this case . 
this are just as represented and very high quality so would highly recommend . 
the measurement instructions discuss the width of the paw but not the height or thickness . 
we use them in the winter to cut down static in the house ,  as well as for colds . 
it s just so easy !  if you re a tea person ,  this pot is definitely for you . 
roll into num_num balls and press with tortilla press . 
i purchased this whistle for my grandson and was very disappointing . 
i ve had this rice cooker for more than num_extend and use it to cook rice every single day . 
 ac  status means the charging is at full charging rate . 
make your own stylus ,  and i bet yours will work better than the pogo ,  too . 
i had to move it because of wiper hitting it . 
unlike metal it isn t going to get hot . 
its a nice novelty item if you remember to use it . 
i bought num_num of these ,  and it seemed ok so i bought another . 
we have used these knives for several months and i cannot tell you how please we are with them . 
it also gets very hot ,  even on the lowest temperature . 
if you re reading this seller ,  let me know if you want your duplicate back .   . 
i tried this cb with a num_num inch antenna and it hardly got out a half mile . 
once i finally got it on it was slanted side ways . 
also ,  it comes in a sharp wooden box that must be disposed of immediately . 
trying to access teh volume buttons on the side through the armband case was a little difficult . 
my samsung is fussy on the type of cable used to communicate to my computer . 
this wasn t at all like the madras lentils enjoyed at indian restaurants . 
you can have chopped onions in about four different sizes ,  depending on how much pulse chopping you do . 
i use this on the beach and in the shower to listen to music or my pod casts . 
of course it makes it much thicker but the other dimensions are roughly left the same . 
it ends up taking up more space than creating . 
the top one  clean water  is not easy for me to make work . 
looked like the cat in the hat and utterly ridiculous . 
works really good on sliced roasts to make chicken fried steak ,  etc . 
i have absolutely no clue what that was all about . 
we ll give that a try ,  and see if he will come around . 
my main problems are ,  firstly ,  that the tracks seemed to be created at random . 
another thing is that i think the is a  bug  when receiving cjk txt messages . 
i only have corelle dishes and like them as they are lightweight not bulky and fit well in cupboard . 
a main character with amnesia ?  !  and they just left it that way ?  the main character never even had presence . 
you will be amazed and how your little guy springs back to life . 
if you can keep it together then it works well . 
a nifty way to get around perhaps ,  but rather clumsy in design overall . 
so good for me who gets pretty hot without air conditioning . 
but once i got it ,  i love it . 
my daughter wanted this so much for her birthday . 
just start off at a fairly medium heat . 
i didn t have much luck with this product . 
i love this handset and use it for lengthy conversations . 
we bought a new battery ,  thinking that was the problem ,  but that didn t help . 
i had to order the cable for several dollars plus shipping ,  and it took two weeks for delivery . 
this is celebrating the original game s num_extend annaversary ?  wow sega ,  you must hate sonic . 
the creators of this game should be ashamed of themselves !  !  . 
i have other headsets ,  but apparently this one has poor support . 
i have really used it and keep asking myself over and over; why didn t you buy one before now ?  . 
i noticed this model got rave reviews ,  so i bought it . 
the reviews were very good and that helped me decide to buy this brand . 
however ,  it serves as a good way to scan through documents ,  accurately select apps ,  etc . 
it s a hard case with screen protector and silicone wrap . 
this is the smaller version but it easily provides a great companion to pandora . 
i wish these things would quit within the num_num days amazon allows as amazon has a great return policy . 
i finally had to take a $ loss and trade that pos in for a new one  . 
i bought this face trimmer looking to upgrade . 
it slices through nectarines and cherries like butter ,  and lemons like it s . 
have them nicely displayed for everyone to see . 
lots of musk ,  and it was a very masculine musk . 
even yogurt doesn t hide the wet cardboard taste . fresh product is probably fine ,  but this stinks  literally !   . 
i had my old one for about num_num years and couldn t remember where i had bought it . 
i decided to take the chance and i am so glad i did . 
this is a very nice vac to get . 
and no dangling cord all over  ! worth every cent and then more !  . 
amazon s customer service is excellent ,  so i m getting a replacement router delivered early this week . 
these table cloth clamps are superior to many i have tried . 
the wood handle is great as it won t conduct the heat from the cooking oil . 
why argue with success ?  i make waffles every week and they are perfect every time . 
i am afraid this one does not work either . 
first of all this heating pad is great . 
not much more you can say about stickers . 
also really great to use on pans instead of store bought aerosols . 
i m saying this after receiving many dozen of them so this is not a one bad run deal . 
i ran it while showering at num_extend a . m . 
so i may purchase a separate pot for that . 
but ,  here it is for $ it work ?  absolutely . 
every time ,  on the first pass around the rim ,  it opens the can . 
i can t believe the good reviews this thing is getting . 
i think the seller ,  skindirect  ,  sent me a used bottle . 
don , t get me wrong i am not prejudice in any way . 
if you are susceptible to clotting or other vascular traumas ,  be very careful about products based on vitamin k . 
i thought i would give this a try; maybe it would taste so bad he would stop . 
don t waste your money ,  and same goes for the psp and ds lite versions of the starter kit . 
it stays in and on my ear ,  num_extend
it may as well have been a placebo . 
i just opened the package and they sent me square screens . 
it s not worth the risk and it definitely puts more toxic junk into their systems . merrick is not great either . 
never been so disappointed with a lip product . 
i love my foodsaver system ,  it makes a huge difference . 
for my galaxy nexus ,  it lasts approximately two and a half charges for one full charge of the device . 
if you are looking for an everyday case then this is probably overkill . 
i have to  rinse sweep with just hot water today as directed . 
i thought that these bars were very tasty if a bit on the expensive side . 
the cutouts are precisely placed and the combination of silicone and the hard shell provides good protection . 
after making this suggestion ,  he said goodbye and hung up in the middle of the conversation . 
but come on ?  the gba sp was just like that . 
there are two types of men in this world . 
its better than the others that i have used . 
i have rubbed it wth meat and washed it ,  but it still smells strange . 
although my ear is not keen on the idea of music that close to my ear . 
i d recommend it to anyone with the evo shift . 
i bought this stick blender to make cold process soap . 
i did use parchment paper in it so it stayed clean . 
stay away from it . update :  this is completely dead now . 
way too much bass ,  really muffled mids ,  and no highs ,  no clarity . 
i am an avid cookie baker and i finallly invested in silpat . 
i had been looking for a flexible spatula ,  but they are hard to find . 
i bought one for my sister ,  and she loves hers as well . 
somewhat noisy ,  and the timer  sliding tab  that controls the thickness of the grinds is poorly designed . 
old style charge port is the only drag on this thing ,  but that is not that big of deal . 
i ve had a several variations on the small george foreman grills . 
but i want to get something better and quieter . 
it is supposed to be a deterrent for squirrels who sit on the bar because they weigh too much . 
next time i make it ,  im going to put some basil and tomato in it . 
also ,  seems it took a long time to get here from china . 
this lacer is just another black color nail polish . 
the side and top buttons are more than usable . 
seems to conduct heat quite well so foods cook evenly . 
this app tries to be too hip for its own good . 
the corn is fully popped before the butter begins to melt . 
too bad they don t make these in the usa any more though . 
sweatshirt is reasonable quality; however ,  not nearly as described . 
replaced a much more expensive otter cover and have been quite satisfied . 
the default ip address does not come with the manual . the manual does not mention a default ip address . 
very inexpensive ,  so one should not expect much . 
but i noticed many other reviewers commented on the loud noise this pump produces . 
an utter waste of time and money ,  and i bought it for only num_extend
i ve used them only once so far and the results were great . 
and ,  i must say ,  this is the best juicer that we have ever owned . 
i am giving it num_num stars because it does a great job toasting toast ,  bagels ,  and pop tarts . 
only drawback is i don t like the volume control . 
maybe this due he cooks more than i due . 
this is my first time using a coffee press and decided to go with the stainless bodum . 
i bought this coffeemaker despite some of the negative reviews listed here . 
this is a great plastic case that fits just right and looks great with the iphone . 
it s a bit of a pain that it s not dishwasher safe . 
this case provides protection at a minimal cost ,  fits well and does the job !  . 
there is no way you could put makeup over this and have it look good . 
plus ,  the projects num_extend total  are completed in and a short time . 
my only issue is because of space we have to store them and they get tangled and irritating . 
as for the armband ,  this is what is great about the product . 
this lens ,  if put to good use in the field ,  would literally fall apart . 
it has a removable lid ,  which is wide enough to be able to empty and fill easily . 
if you re a busy person ,  save the money and get yourself a massage instead . 
terrible product not worth the calories at all !  . 
no fingerprints  in case you were wondering  ,  and they are versatile . 
i will not be buying yet another cook book . 
i m sure it fits some cups ,  just not any that i use . 
i feel like you are better of buying a drug store liner . 
not a huge pitcher and it uses the standard brita filter design . 
the maintenance is super easy and i am saving so much money by not buying coffee everyday . 
unless you are certain ,  just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . 
i could not reattach it since the very thin wires also broke away from their solder joints . 
sorry i wasted money on num_num cases of this stuff . 
i think the whole kit cost like $ shipping included . 
it s better looking and more ergonomic than it appears in the photographs . 
i don t know if this is a problem with the filter or the lens but i m disappointed . 
i can charge both my ipad and iphone num_num a couple of times with leftovers . 
it makes the game a giant mush without any order to it . 
of course i have a brita filter jug in my refrigerator so i buy these all the time . 
i m looking for something similar with better quality . 
the application is certainly easier than the zagg ,  which requires you wet multiple surfaces and squeegee . 
rushed the case to the production line without getting the proper dimensions or b . 
i have only had this machine one week ,  but so far it is making a great espresso . 
i called line num_num and they determined it was bad so they opened a  ticket  . 
in the new versions of these ,  which i received ,  only the dog and cat make realistic sounds . 
i do not need or want a huge screen . 
the taste of the milk is reall off . 
this has worked out great as a back up battery for my htc evo . 
i can t drink regular coffee as i get acid stomach . 
i usually love lu cookies ,  but these definitely disappoint . 
only advantage is that it smaller than a dipole and not as unsightly . 
now take that taste and add fizz  why  to it and you have one gross beverage . 
so i bought this salter and i ve found that i really like this little scale . 
i have plenty of open slots for additional devices . 
i found mine for $ with shipping at $ making a total of only $ out of new york . 
it is an excellent cheap solution for a phone that needs protection . 
i have an num_extend and my husband had a samsung galaxy . 
i bought this scale to go on my kitchen counter for when i pack and freeze meat . 
never baked a cake in this kind of pan before . 
also leaves a white coating on my hair that looks like dandruff and coats my hair brush . 
i would recommend them for being handy and easy to use . 
installation is easy but i used my own fasteners instead of the one provided . 
i paid $ and got free shipping right before christmas . 
once the watch gets an initial wind ,  it supposed to be able to wind itself as you move around . 
i bought this thing from a local store and i have to say that it is pretty darned awful . 
i ended up getting some mild  and expensive  pain pills from the vet to help him while he recovers . 
we are now waiting to see what will be done . 
i was very eager to get it home and set it up . 
i used it until i wore it out . 
a person shouldn t have to do this ,  so i can t recommend it anymore . 
don t buy this cheap little piece of garbage it s not worth the clicking . 
the comments about the taste of perked versis drip was interesting and i decided to try a percolator . 
dealing with a mess when it happens as opposed to waiting to rent a machine is the key . 
this writes very light and skips a little bit . 
i will not purchase this item from this supplier again . 
first off ,  i love the feel of it . 
i use mine quite frequently ,  and makes quick work of dicing onions and peppers for philly steaks or burgers . 
not to mention it just becomes tiresome after the num_extend num_extend
i was carving a tender roast the other day and my knife just stopped working . 
these make my phone feel like it does not have one on at all . 
i can use this to cook stews ,  soups . 
the industrial designer who designed this at hoover earns an  f  . 
this game features the worst controls i have ever seen in any game . 
after num_num minutes of continuous use it becomes quite hot  not wram  around the battery compartment area . 
to top it off i had to pay to return them to get them replaced . 
i can t believe how beautifully it has worked for me . 
this occurs even when i use just the bowl and a spoon to mix . 
this tool is supposed to be used to pull the cranks together so that they seat onto the bearings . 
i have also used it a few times for cutting dough . 
whowants to stop and shop for vacumn cleanerbags ?  it s a very portable model with greatflexability . 
like they are trying way too hard to be futuristic . 
however the new jabra sone bluetooth headset does not meet the standards of jabra . 
and ,  oh yeah ,  don t ever get moh :  rising sun !  !  !  its worse than this game !  !  !   just so you know  . 
it also did the opposite for me regarding sleep . 
thanks to the glorious idea that is  playstation greatest hits  ,  this pos was only num_extend
is also extremely overpriced for what amounts to a think piece of plastic wrap . 
they re also more expensive than clumping cat litter . 
i was able to fix the file system  losing all of the data  . 
the large side pocket holds the kitchen aid book and the edge beater with ease . 
i have trouble even using these to cook . 
particularly given how many tasks these can be put to throughout the home . 
i held my hand on it for over a minute and it was just barley changing . 
they are still usable ,  they are just fragile . 
amazing and the smallness of it is just fine for all sorts of meats . 
it comes in a cute little bag ,  but they fit into a plastic insert . 
and so ended the first  and last  half hour of using this cheap piece of garbage . 
supposedly dark cloud num_num  aka dark chronicle  fixes all the problems this game has . 
when i put a battery into the charger ,  it just blinks a red light without charging . 
in spite of that ,  we immediately replaced it with the exact same product . 
i never take my watches off ,  which has never been a problem with trusty ol  timex expeditions . 
the design is visible through the case ,  and the case protects the phone . 
the john deere has realistic sounds and actually sounds like a real mower . 
during the day i have to combine it with another lipstick for it to work . 
i typically like avia ,  but these are so uncomfortable they aren t even used for garden shoes . 
these cast iron skillets are the cat s meow . 
it works great on my gas stove top ,  at a lower heat . 
i got the sunflower and plan to use it as a plater . 
energizer has finally discontinued the num_extend series ,  presumably due to massive complaints . 
i guess if you want them to stick you need to apply super glue . 
i have now retired the roasters i have used for years ,  this is better . 
as air periodically enters the tank when water evaporates it makes a quite disturbing sound . 
poop off bird cage cleaner is much better as an enzyme cleaner and it smells great . 
i lost the instructions ,  so now every day at num_extend pm the damn thing goes off . 
at its maximum of num_num degrees indicated ,  the waring pro warmed the oil to num_num degrees . 
german quality and craftsmanship are second to none . 
this one is sharper ,  cuts better and is of a smaller ,  more manageable size . 
i cannot wait to be able to use it to its full capabilities . 
it barely works on the second floor of our house . 
they will not charge in the phone ,  only on the provided charger . 
also ,  the spray nozzle seemed to be stuck and nothing comes out of it . 
i would give this mixer num_num stars if it was an option . 
and a templete on where the screws go . 
they are stained by whatever aromatic oils the manifacturer used and look unattractive . 
no more charcoal ,  lighter ,  waiting ,  refilling propane ,  etc .  ,  etc . 
i bought num_num and plan to gift two . 
i ll use these for a while ,  but won t buy more . 
maybe dust away eyeshadow fallout ,  but that s num_extend
i love it . the wood is also high quality and gorgeous . 
i m happy i ordered it ,  works just fine , and easy to use . would recommend it to everyone . thank you ,  mary lou . 
i suppose the life expectancy of this toy depends on your dog . 
in the first game ,  you had gorgeous dungeons such as dorn s deep and the vale of shadows to explore . 
it is great for soups ,  deep frying ,  baking potatoes ,  etc . 
the rub is that it cost me over $ to return ship the product to sony . 
i was thrilled with my dutch oven ,  and now i am thrilled with my skillet as well . 
this style does not say if it is sandalfoot or reinforced toe .  .  . couldn t buy because of that . 
they travel all over the continenct searching for these artifacts . 
the buds fit comfortably in my ears without the extra attachments included in the package . 
most of the symptoms of bodily stress i ve been experiencing started the same day i first took this supplement . 
we have had ours over a year and still going strong . 
they were pretty comfortable for the most part . 
i m so annoyed by this ,  it has tainted my whole view of the game . 
knowing that it was % cotton ,  i ordered a size larger than i normally wear . 
in fact ,  most wrestlers lack detail altogether and look about as generic as possible . 
two observations that are outside of the game . 
it doesn t move unless it s on a very hard flat surface . 
i like the set and would recommand them to others . 
it has a rather sharp edge which makes unsticking things from the pan neat and easy . 
i am an overwhelmed mother of num_num teens and one big german husband . 
the wood always ends up dry and cracked . 
if you have any concerns about buying a phonedevil product do not . 
no more dirtying a spoon to stir up limeade or tea with sediment . 
i ve been wanting to try coconut water for a long time . 
hence whenever you touched or moved the cable ,  it is annoying loud noise in the ear . 
i d describe it as a sickeningly sweet syrup with very little carbonation added . 
i ll contact the seller and see what they can do for me . 
i walk num_extend miles with a friend daily . 
what i don t like is having a tangled mess of cords to sift through . 
before i bought this ,  i read the reviews . 
the wod will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer . 
it was wonderful while it lasted but now it s no different from any other towel holder . 
all the way around i felt like i got screwed . 
after i ran out of the num_num bricks ,  i also stopped getting the runs and stomach pains every morning . 
we were on vacation ,  and i had to cross a busy road to get to the beach . 
but ,  it was way more money than i wanted to spend so i searched amazon . 
i was very excited to order this teapot but had problems with the infuser being broken upon receiving it . 
medal of honor :  underground sports the best sounds in any game i ve ever heard . 
but ,  it didn t help the hair on my head in any way ,  though it made my skin extra smooth . 
the shiny surface of the case also makes it easier to wipe clean and the color is super cute . 
i have to take my time and resist the urge to gag ,  you know ,  mind over matter thing . 
phone call log showing all the calls and messages ,  need to fliter it every num_extend
i always use cheats after i get bored with the normal game to add some extra spice . 
have always wanted to try a french press . 
i use this item with my samsung fascinate . 
it is pricey ,  but for me ,  it s worth every penny . 
was perfect for my brother who has a small kitchen and limited space . 
i ve always thought wilton products to be above average quality ,  but i m learning differently .  .  .  . it was a costly lesson . 
it arrived pretty fast and it was in good condition . 
what you get is strong espresso that isn t bitter like what you get when you use a french press . 
the lodge brand is reliable and usa made !  . 
i laugh now that the box claims to be even tastier ,  so before they must have tasted like ass . 
i  upgraded  to this expansion after about num_num months of rise of nations . 
i just dont like the fact that the edges are not smooth; at some point my pinky started hurting . 
i checked it out and the mouse is fine . 
i have the artisan model kitchenaid ,  and it fits perfectly . 
i was not pleased with the results that i had with it . 
not a crisp natural taste ,  and way too sweet for me . 
i love the phone ,  its light and has good functionality . 
i wear glasses and i think that s most of the issue there . 
this is a fragrance oil ,  not essential oil . 
the tubes are heavy duty but the valve stems not so much . 
they generally cost a little more ,  but they are usually well worth the money . 
i have had a couple of these mugs for several years and love them . 
purchased product from seller euro sale and the product was not legitimate and was a bootleg . 
i took it camping and my eagle scout friend used it to make fantastic campfire meals . 
i reviewed both of these cases ,  as well ,  if you re interested . 
but if you just want to buy one ,  get this one . 
good thing i didn t ,  because the reviews on the washer problems were interesting . 
the next day and the battery is still showing % left . 
and the sauce came out great as well !  cleanup was a snap with just soap and a nylon brush . 
if you have a tendency to lose them ,  order more . 
they also stick well and stay put through the night . 
we returned the item for a refund and purchased a different thermometer . 
we need it every now and then ,  but don t want things living in it . 
but ,  and it s a big but ,  it feels huge in your pocket . 
i like the look and feel of this product and it protects it nicely . 
all the wrestlers fly so high you think they were on speed or something like that . 
on the flip side ,  it does not live up to it s claims . 
did not work for either my phone or my sisters ,  even though they were listed as compatible . 
you can t do events unless the clock is exactly at the right time . 
even now ,  over two weeks after removing the cushion from its box ,  i can still smell it . 
some place settings have shallow bowls that are not good for soup ,  and these are deep and wide . 
all of the shears are very cheaply made . 
it s not cheap ,  but either is what you get for your money . 
it looks like it was one of the last of the bunch . 
the mugs that come with this set are sturdy and usable . 
it s protected ,  makes me not really worry about my phone . 
i set it before bed and our house smells like fresh baked bread in the morning . 
when i saw these on amazon and looked over the reviews ,  thought these must be pretty tasty also . 
this makes it very hard to cut all day . 
this has to be the most overrated garbage i ve ever played . 
they are great to cut on as they seem to hold up well . 
no need for a constant parade of butter knives . 
the fishing line like connection ripped out and now we are just down to the mouse . 
i ve used these cutters all of one time and i already love them . 
if you buy your kids any type of smart phone ,  make sure you buy them a screen protector . 
and at the end of day num_extend it was hazardous to keep around ,  so i tossed it . 
the actual bowl ,  and it s lid can be run through the dishwasher ,  no problem . 
once they become competitively priced on amazon ,  i ll be delighted to order them here . 
my kitchen appliances are red so this was perfect for my kitchen . 
i like my coffee hot and this old fashion coffee pot does that . 
even the drive belt and hepa filters are supposed to be changed by a service center . 
my iphone i only use to receive calls . 
this was delivered today and is at a good price . 
a longer headphone cable lets you attach the headset to your sleeve or shirt tail . 
my only disappointment was that it wasn t long enuf to kinda touch each side of the back . 
i bought this set to replace a henckels set i bought three years ago . 
i have never had anyone complain about the sound quality of my voice . 
had to return the first one as the door would not close had a big crack letting heat out . 
i would put it in her food and she didn t care for it . 
i ve been cooking more at home recently and decided to try a better quality pan . 
yes ,  suddenly the watch would almost fall off my hand . 
if anyone knows how to do that ,  i would appreciate knowing . 
my daughter was just frustrated with this toy . 
it will not put your phone into dock mode etc . 
i bought it to replace the original non touchstone cover which was falling apart . 
i use different colors to separate all the phones in the family . 
basic bluetooth speaker for the visor in the car . 
it offers num_num angles to choose from  portrait design  . 
i ve taken these religiously for an entire month . 
earpieces are very unique to the individual using them . 
the mixture was worse than just making black beans only soup from store bought beans . 
i have been using it for a year ,  although rarely ,  and it works just fine . 
it s a game ultimately lacking in any depth to be really rewarding to play . 
i wouldn t buy them again ,  the concept if great but not for me . 
the rifle can be loaded ,  cocked ,  and fired with the lock still in place . 
most of the truckers run old cobra num_extend unidens ,  galaxies ,  strykers ,  and so on . 
however ,  the stuff tasted bad and the consistency reminded me of wallpaper paste . 
i haven t used all the setting and stuff yet ,  but i am very glad i fond this !  . 
you will be sorry . hoover has sold their company num_num times in the last num_num years . 
i m actually disappointed that amazon is selling this directly . 
i m not sure i would be interested due to the negatives i refer to earlier . 
i did not put it on but ,  seems like it gives you a soft recoil experience . 
as was said this thing is huge and you might have a hard time finding someplace to store it . 
i reviewed this product under the num_extend ounce refill . 
i thought these would be great for one of my cats ,  who loves curled up pipe cleaners . 
have tiny  stuff  to dehydrate ,  use a screen tray . 
it s perfect for one to two people as it only makes num_extend
i had red wine stains on my teeth . 
it s all fancy packaging ,  but doesn t add much to the experience ,  if you know what i mean . 
i don t see myself changing phones anytime soon as the num_num seems to have everything i need for now . 
i needed a dish soap dispenser for the kitchen and wanted to get one in stainless . 
i shouldn t have to complain about walking ,  but it is alot like resident evil . 
i research a bunch before deciding on this set and i couldn t be happier with them . 
i wanted to protect my screen without making it darker or having it feel yucky . 
it s probably more like num_extend stars ,  but amazon doesn t allow that . 
when applying the film ,  use a lot of the spray . 
i also didn t really taste  caramel  ,  which surprised me given werther s mainstay product is a caramel candy . 
all my mac eyeshadow fits in each one . 
i have num_num shih tzu s and have twice ordered num_extend bottles at a time . 
they clean up in a snap in hot sudsy water . 
there is a large threaded shaft coming up from the motor in the middle . 
while i have concerns regarding how long this oxo product will last ,  it s easier to learn to use . 
i don t understand how they can do that . 
i m certain that the holder is exactly as it should be ,  however ,  the product description is wrong . 
i don t have especially sensitive skin ,  but it is dry . 
the other elephant was fine ,  until the tank cracked through our own fault . 
they pull my hair out ,  maybe because it is so long idk . 
at least i didn t have to shower . i greatly prefer other brands of massage oils that don t heat or cool . 
without the software installation ,  the linksys just defaults to no password needed . 
if you can live with the looks ,  it s a super deal . 
my youngest daughter keeps begging me to use it to listen to her music on her ipod . 
toys are supposed to be be fun not frustrating . 
holds a charge nicely and thus far have had no noticeable problems with the item . 
i was very disappointed with the enemies in this game . 
after giving this one to my sister ,  i ordered myself a logitech num_extend
this review will serve to echo the many that came before it .  .  . this is a good one !  . 
save your money and get a better one . 
i expect something this expensive  i paid well over num_num for it  to last for many years . 
i also use it when i m using speakerphone or playing music so that the speakers aren t muffled . 
i have never experienced this issue with any other filter that i own . 
if you don t want your screen to scratch ,  take good care of it ,  because these won t help . 
crittercord cord protector does do the job but at better than $ a foot it is way too expensive . 
seriously if you want a good time go get a psp ,  they know what the customer wants . 
with out any num_extend season is soooo boaring . 
it was a nice experience that didn t involve having to return item or any dissatisfaction . 
my wife accidentally knocked her bodum french press off the counter while on vacation . 
i use this item to carry some basic tools and supplies on the job . 
this is the first disappointment in a carhartt item in tall . 
you can t beat the price for such high quality . 
other than that ,  this thing is indispensable to my life . 
i squirted this mio liquid into a glass of cold water and was hoping for the best . 
these are amazing stands ,  especially for the super low price . 
this product wasn t great ,  it was more of an expensive suppository than a massager . 
all in all ,  i believe that this is one of the best purchases i ve made on amazon . 
and it got here fast . i ve been using an num_extend in the car . 
i wish they would come out with a two stick holding capacity version . 
it also comes with a steamer basket and steel trivet ,  both of which i ve yet to use . 
no hold !  no matter how much i used ,  or the way i used it .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . nada . 
it was not the eggplant purple i thought it was . 
chose the two star rating  i don t like it  because these headphones would not stay on my head . 
i bought this for my wife based on the price . 
i don t think they will last long and they are not what i expected . 
i set my camera up on it and tried the different functions . 
i messed with the laptop and the tv for two hours before swapping the cables . 
this product is still working a couple years later . 
the problems haven t occurred with other brands of filters on the same lens . 
it holds less than your average num_extend pan as the sides are sloped and the sides are . 
also tired of hunting for my scissors and can opener in drawers . 
saving a few bucks really isn t worth potentially damaging the phone . 
i say perhaps too good because it pairs with my phone from a long distance ,  say num_num ft . 
let me first start off with the sizing . 
i did not research this one because i was happy with my previous palms . 
it was highly recommended by the pioneer woman as one of her favorite utensils . 
heavy duty and non stick just like my full size chicago metallic cookware that i love . 
it s about the size of a small skinny cell phone and looks nice . 
i am so glad that this has a good price . 
they came out perfect . i cleaned the yellow remains with a paper towel . 
my use also coincided with the end of winter ,  so the operating temperatures can account for the improvements ,  too . 
you also need a pastry brush to remove the last bits of grounds . 
this game isn t even worth anyones time or money . 
i got these markers for my num_num month old . 
you should still have a functioning lcd to use this . 
i definitely recommend trying different lines of the organix products . 
cascadian farms parent company contributed to the millions spent to defeat the simple label gmo prop num_num in california . 
i ve used the num_num for years to great success . 
now ,  remember ,  on num_extend the monitor read it as low . 
looks great at night and does exactly what it is supposed to do . 
the bold is what it says it is :  bright ,  clear ,  vivid . 
this rechargeable charger has a nice sleek design and is very light and compact . 
with all the great reviews ,  i thought i would give it a try . 
that is ,  unless it is a  dud  rhodiola that has little or no effect . 
used it for num_num years and had no issues at all . this is very light and it is very reliable . 
the product is very good quality ,  i recommend it %
does not mix well at all ,  lots of nasty sediment at bottom of cup . 
had to contact vet again and she put him on steroid eye drops to put in his nose . 
i bought the game ,  based on all the hype about num_extend and num_extend for vista . 
my cat never has reimbursed me for breaking the carafe . 
i bought two for my mom and one for myself to test different varieties of tomatoes . 
the pieces were just too hard for her to hold . 
this is going to be the best cookie jar ever . 
acutally this cooker can double as a steamer also . 
this product gets narrower at the bottom which prevents the smartphone from fitting inside of it . 
i m never out of juice and i carry a spare with me . 
i would never dare to use this on a glass ,  like the advertisement shows . 
i ve never had such a bad out of the box screen protector experience . 
worry that these could become misshapen in the dishwasher even if using top shelf . 
i ve had my cast iron chicken fryer for years . 
it s large so it can cook a lot at once which saves time . 
i feel like i wasted a lot of money . 
so i decided to purchase this wok for my own . 
all the pieces seem sturdy and well made . 
also they don t mind a little moisture so you are unlikely to steam your fingers . 
every phone should have and anti glare screen protector on them ,  always . 
first ,  i drizzle a little evo in the bottom and turn on the gas . 
if you want something to target shoot or plink with ,  i suggest you get something else . 
the wax only removed a couple of hairs and then crumbled off . 
i seem to leave a heavy residue in my hair and causes my scalp to itch . 
i know what good food is and especially italian food since i make it . 
i bought this to clean the traffic areas of only two rooms . 
amco also makes a green one for lime that is smaller . 
it holds a generous amount of water ,  the bottle is so attractive ,  and it easily comes apart for cleaning . 
i got a mophie powerstation duo instead just in case there is another power outage . 
switched to mac ?  switch back . i built an num_extend network for the pcs in my house . 
upss also have surge supression and some simple metering if you want those features . 
my older lg phone connects automatically as i approach the house . 
the points are short and you do have to use some common sense when using it . 
only problem with them is the phone charger is hard to connect past the lip on the bottom . 
this whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and doesn t require much pressure to control it . 
probably more power than a home cook needs .  .  . but awesome . 
it is only the colored part of the orange peel . 
the material is a lot lighter and cheaper than what i remember too . 
all i can smell is the super ,  overpowering smell of ice cream . 
from num_extend to num_extend photos were acceptable but not stunning . 
the deep side pocket is great for storing the other attachments . 
this performs just as well as my decades old and entirely smooth old num_num inch skillet . 
took a little while to come but was worth the wait . 
the quality of the wool is very cheap . 
after num_num washings ,  even in my lingerie bag on gentle it fell apart . 
i just love this mixer and i love kitchenaid products . 
you have got to love  lifetime warranty  on any product . 
the top part won t stay connected to the bottom after putting the batteries inside . 
i am not willing to try it again . 
i know all about the dangers of power surges ,  so i connected the monitor to a quality surge protector . 
one of the many reasons your current can opener sucks a left nut is because it s not stainless steel . 
the sound quality is worse than am radio . 
i know this because i tried baking cookies on it . 
would recommend getting the ben and jerry s book to go along with it . 
much better control over the audio than the included real player  which only plays num_extend not internet num_extend
% of the time ,  the item will be price better at amazon . 
much ,  much faster than my older one too . 
glad there is so many different ear buds to choose from . 
this is the best bluetooth headset i ve owned in terms of comfort and sound quality . 
but the program is full of bugs and should never have been released in this condition . 
i guess the first thing i ll say is that i got jedi academy before i got this game . 
i did the research so i knew what to expect and it hasn t disappointed . 
it runs on num_num c batteries  not included  and activates when you slide and hold the button . 
also can use photoshop express  also free  to tweak the photo prior to num_extend
the temps have to be perfect at this vacation spot . 
they are definitely the smallest set you can buy . 
i use this dish very regularly for sunday nachos !  !  . 
i was in so much pain and so sick i thought i had an ulcer . 
these are man scissors and i have never feared breaking them . 
perhaps your lovey will like them . amazon carries other flavors ,  but i am hesitating . 
even inside num_num feet it isn t all that great . 
get lots of compliments on it !  lots of color with some sparkle . 
even with a new unit and the latest software upgrade ,  this router is very unreliable . 
am pleased that i can just replace the brush head portion on this . 
i use this for tough cuts of meat that need to be tenderized for a quick sear . 
i have washed these towels several times and i cannot get them to stop shedding like a dog . 
i installed this screen protector on both sides of my iphone num_extend
it is a bit slippery though he claims but overall he is pleased . 
other reviewers must have set it for  raisin  bread when they didnt mean to . 
this is the worst shampoo i have used in my entire life . 
very flimsy not much protection for the phone but cute . 
go buy some melissa and doug stuff instead and the kids will get more play time out of it . 
it s great for bacon ,  corn bread ,  home made tortillas ,  and so many other things . 
it takes me about two hours to get five boxes washed out ,  sanitized and refilled . 
you could  and i have  use it as a little baby canner for a small load of small jars . 
these are nice ,  warm socks ,  but i don t feel any support whatsoever . 
i also bought a roomba for my daughter in law and my daughter . 
all three products i bought taste very awful and worst food i have ever ate so far . 
she told me that the late num_extend speakers sounded alot better than the new ones . 
i d say it works num_num out of num_num attempts . 
now serving lasagna is easy from the very first piece . 
this lens is worth about what you pay for it . 
but the thing is that they catch very few moths . 
only wish it would go a little farther between refills . 
to sum it all up ,  the apple ipod has many design flaws ,  simple as that . 
i like how it protects iphone from getting scatched . 
as i am the primary dishwasher in our family ,  this last fact is extremely important to me . 
i m giving it two stars because if your dog is not a heavy duty chewer ,  it might be okay . 
evidently quality control was asleep at the wheel when they let this product slip out to the public . 
i gave it num_num stars instead of one ,  because it would probably work pretty well for something tiny . 
it should ve been pulled off the market as a faulty product . 
would be great in a retro kitchen or diner . 
more amusing ,  even the friendlies have a problem locking on correctly and then they end up killing each other . 
needed to protect my wife s iphone and settled on this case after serious research . 
the headset beeps in my ear everytime the connection is lost and it happens often . 
the music this thing plays is really horrible ,  it sounds like basic midi stuff . 
i bought this as a gift for my husband . 
then my eureka finally died and i decided to try this one . 
i like that it retracts and stays right at the length that you want it to . 
i have received many compliments on this phone . 
i used to own this seiko black monster . 
i can t tell you more than this is just yicky . 
all these rpgs were simple ,  yet for some reason delightful to play . 
let me start off by saying i am a very caffeine sensitive person . 
my kitten jumps from the litter box to the floor to avoid stepping on this . 
it has so many uses you will wonder how you got along without it .  .  . may order a couple more . 
i thought this would be handy to pick up small sewing items ,  like thread ,  pins ,  etc . 
i take points off for that ,  just so you will know  . 
unsure if it s just this one case or what . 
well ,  i m using an nvidia card ,  which was fine with mmc num_extend
i knew this going in ,  but even i was suprised to see how flimsy it was in person . 
haven t tried dawn of mana ,  but was told to stay far far away from it . 
i have been using lush henna noir since march num_num probably ever num_num months or so . 
i would suggest this case to anyone wanting extended battery life . 
also ,  with the hoover s the belt kept breaking or streatching . 
in addition ,  my carpet now has carpet blades  i don t know what you call them  pulled up randomly . 
without the unit i had no data connection for my droid phone . 
at the price and promotion of these phones ,  much is left to be desired . 
as mentioned ,  the voyager pro+ is also a lot more comfortable for wearing long periods at a time . 
about two months ago ,  i was attempting to mince some garlic and the press broke into pieces . 
i m not talking about bending a little ,  the seat is junk in num_num mild xc rides . 
search the net and you will see more people have this issue . 
have an electric drip machine at my other home ,  but this one gives the best results . 
it s size is what is expected for a num_extend charger . 
i have many of these warren kimble cat pieces and this one fits in well . 
i bought num_num of these to sit on the middle shelf of one of my cabinets . 
i was looking to trigger the lights with my digital camera . 
the smell is nice ,  and not too weak or strong ,  and shave quality is alright . 
i fear that dead or alive and soul calibur may have spoiled me though . 
i contacted the seller and they refused to refund me . 
no wonder they charge $ a case ,  they know they will be replacing it a few times . 
i did use olive oil around the rim of the seal . 
portable power supply .  .  . i didn t really know that i needed one ,  until i actually got one . 
i love it !  great for cooking things you love to eat . 
after num_num hours of preparation and cooking ,  you hate to see your masterpiece destroyed at the critical moment . 
at the very least ,  do a patch test before putting it over your whole face . 
i am very satisfied with the phone and look forward to at least another four years with it . 
if you don t have one ,  get it now . 
i d really recommend at least two of these for anyone who packs a lunch . 
you will enjoy the purchase if you have an num_extend
adapter plug fits where earplugs would normally go . 
it should be in a tube or squeeze bottle . 
oh well ,  at least i gave the other copy to my sister . 
once you step up to coffee makers over fifty dollars ,  you might ask why you re paying more . 
no matter what or how i tried ,  the liquid just ran down the side of the cup . 
brought me here to see the price and wow i got a deal . 
it is the best case to have in my opinion . 
it s like every other encounter is a boss monster . 
for instance the pressure meters or the face off setups don t always resond to your input . 
cable length didn t appear to make any difference as mentioned in another review . 
with skim milk you can get a very thin layer of foam that dissipates quickly . 
if i m going to consume something i want it to be satisfying in more ways than one . 
this is one of those instances where you get what you pay for . 
and then you can plug in the router . 
i ve bought it for passat and it not quite working . 
i would not consider myself as a hard core audiophile but i am certainly headed that way . 
in spite of moving ,  this baby is still holding strong . 
this product is not well built or long lasting . 
comes in handy since i like using a wall charger over my usb connecter to charge my phone . 
for a toddler it works great ,  but it is also very noisy . 
if there are long streaky liquid stains or really heavy soiling on products ,  it may need some extra help . 
best thing is the new anker battery i got fits the mobile charger so that s good . 
not as big as it seems in the pictures . 
this filterstream model is the best i ve ever used . 
they are small ,  and fit my ear very well . 
we wanted to better monitor the bleeding ,  and see if he was  dripping  blood when out of his crate . 
i just used this for the first time tonight . 
so i doubt we ll be ordering this in the future . 
we ve had a lot of plastic crates over the years and this one is one of the worst . 
we returned this and bought the classic fisher price version . 
i first started purchasing it because it was soy free . 
you really don t get very much for the cost you pay . 
i will not ever again buy nyx products . 
two arrow buttons provide easy  speed up  and  slow down  control . 
in addition ,  it has nice voice prompts letting me know how much talk time is left and such . 
i didn t want to cover up the beauty that is the iphone s design so this was the best option . 
if your time has any value ,  this is a better option . 
after showering ,  this leaves a nasty residue all over my skin . 
my mom has a black one from walmart that i actually like better . 
everything comes apart logically ,  and all seven items rinse clean under simple running tap water and mild soap . 
this spatula ,  unlike the spoons ,  is just the right length . 
i would say it s a waste of money for num_num days . 
this book emphasizes very sweet dessert pops ,  however . 
the ka could only manage double and the batter wasn t as airy . 
no fighting a full bag being stuck in a trash can and trying to get it out . 
this package came with both metal and plastic ,  including a suction cup to lift the screen  . 
what a fun and easy way to make spaetzle . 
it s a great for pan roasted potatoes ,  and sauteed vegetables and greens . 
i m going tho miss it to be honest . 
so yeah ,  maybe one day i ll actually use it for baking cake .  .  . at my work !  just kidding . 
instead of this item ,  i suggest a portable dvd player . 
these books were all first available around nov . 
i don t have to heat the bid oven to still have pizza in the summer . 
the lather itself is thick ,  rich ,  and luxurious . 
it s awesome ,  safe and my skin isn t dry and flaky from the sulfur like it was before . 
like the way this works ,  keeps the butter soft . 
i liken them more to long johns than sweatpants . 
after reading the positive reviews of this mattress ,  i decided to purchase it for my spare bedroom . 
i ordered the premium indigo and the color is a lot lighter than pictured . 
i wish dry pak would make this a little larger because the waist strap is awesome . 
i tried using this in my toddlers ears and they kept falling off . 
i don t know what the scent is ,  but it s not a good one and it s not relaxing . 
it says made in mexico on it . it appears that oster was playing with how they make this jar base . 
but low reliability makes this an expenisive option . 
its unfortunate the item did not work . amazon was fast in refunding the balance on cc . 
gone are other game modes :  last man standing ,  etc . 
the model isone of the finer pieces of kitchen cookware i ve ever used or owned . 
we love this scoop !  we use it to make perfectly rounded cookies and other great baked treats . 
when the num_extend arrived ,  they were % cotton ,  contrary to what amazon lists in the product description . 
i just can t emphasize how perfect they were . and then i got home and went to unload the dishwasher . 
the amount of air that it moves is marginal at best . 
only time will tell !  for now ,  i am satisfied . 
there are no handles on the egg holding tray ,  and it s metal besides . 
all in all i was very uphappy with this eyeliner . 
it wobbles a bit and i fear some day it may fall out of the fridge . 
each time they arrived dark colored ,  spoiled taste ,  rancid ,  and rotten . 
what was sent was some weird unit with a reverse curvature . 
i have been looking for this for a long time and finally thought to check amazon . com . 
it is too bad you can t rate something less than one star . total junk !  doesn t fit well ,  fragile ,  came broken . 
i threw it away .  .  . very unhappy at kuhn rikon who made my wonderful pressure cookers . 
i had heard this really worked for relaxation . 
these look cheaply made and weigh next to nothing . 
this is a hard ,  smooth plastic case for the iphone num_extend
the pump foot valve retention plug broke before i could get it wet with fuel . 
the num_extend one bowed up over the main button on the front making it difficult the push it down . 
i would never pay money for this set . 
i m a size meduim and ordered a large thinking it was in jr . 
maybe i ll duct tape the hose and the one i use most to hold it . 
but the plantronic does a better job at connectivity then the samsung own bluetooth num_extend
but ,  since they are heavy steel ,  they are easy to scrub without damaging them . 
after one year of use i m still extremely happy with my purchase . 
the handle on my num_num cup broke within the first year . 
i am very pleased with my purchase ! the best thing is there is no thin stem to break . 
i purchased two tubes ,  both blew up within a week . 
take cheapo watches that won t attrach attention or announce you as a rich target . 
great price point ,  right size ,  should have gotten more . 
thinner meats like chops or some steaks thawing will take about num_num minutes and naturally thicker ones take longer . 
i ve tossed these around quite a bit and they haven t scratched up yet . 
the case arrived and it did not fit my grand daughter phone she was so disappointed . 
it s not a terrible game ,  yet it s not a terribly fun game either . 
it gets my garden greens dried quickly and i really like that . 
keeps knives safely out of reach for small children and readily accessable while prepping food . 
whats up with that  ?  ?  ?  ?  not good ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  this hat will only maybe fit a child with a small head . 
i decided to try the shock on me which i should have done in the first place . 
signal is always week i try to move it try to adjust the settings but nothing . 
when i don t hear anymore pops ,  it is ready . 
better in the case than sitting in apile on the counter next to the machine . 
if you are looking for a good adventure game ,  get zelda . 
i will update with my results after num_num year of use . 
this was an excellent choice ! i highly recommend getting a marble cutting board . 
it still works ,  but i think the battery is dying . 
these are very nice quality ,  very nice looking . 
no one seems to get wet ,  but it s depressing . 
the ice tray is easy to use ,  opens easily ,  and the cube size allows for quick freezing . 
at a price of num_num dollars you really can t go wrong . 
she told me it fell apart and she tossed it out . 
most people don t care and think it s just fine . 
do not waste your money on this item . 
the one i received was scratched to heck and scuffed like no other . 
i tried the machine on a loaf of bread using the serrated blade that came with the machine . 
fits the curve nice and snug out of quality materials . 
the way everything is situated ,  my hand never blocks this from view and i am right handed . 
if you want to do any sort of cooking ,  these measuring cups are a must . 
she looks at me like i had pulled a mean trick on her . 
make sure you don t wash it in the machine ,  we just did and it tore  our fault  . 
positively ,  sensational . the west bend has a nice clear dome to watch the excitement going on inside . 
love it and still use it ,  holding up well !  !  . 
billy s missions are all about stealth and running like a coward . 
the opposite is true of the garmin dash mount; which cost about the same as the little bag . 
can t add custom ringtones ,  limited to those noises that come with the num_extend
fortunately it didn t seem to leave any discoloration on my skin . 
these screen guards are cheap ,  but they fit well and are easy to install . 
i had to return this modem and purchase a zoom num_extend
i recently found out its maker ,  purina ,  utilizes animal testing for its products . 
i went by the reviews and went up a size . 
clean up is a snap with putting in dishwasher . 
that is all there is to these packets ,  noodles and sauce . la choy chow mein is % tastier . 
unfortunately this mat doesn t live up to the hype . 
most pizza pans now come with a nonstick surface for easy cleaning . 
it is not difficult to clean as i had expected it would be . 
this renders the display all but unreadable except in bright sunlight . 
this is especially unfortunate since skippy already sells its  natural  peanut butter in num_extend jars . 
i couldn t even finish one game because i was so horrified at what i was seeing on screen . 
from the moment i got this product it was broken . 
it opens bottles with the greatest of ease . 
in record time in fact as this game has the worse music my poor ears have ever come across . 
i can t tell you how much i am enjoying using it . 
they really need to rethink the formula on this lilac stuff as it really does stink ,  literally . 
do these things work ?  either the ones i received are defective or it s a highly overrated product . 
exactly half of them were num_extend tall and the num_extend tall ones were completely anemic . 
i put the lids back on and put everything into place into the container and left shortly therearfter . 
i d guess that this case would outlast my phone . however ,  it s too big for my bb curve . 
my hubby could smell me a mile away . 
i rounded the corners slightly to prevent gouging when i use it to scrape my wood cutting boards . 
i use a thick vinyl inner curtain and a heavy cotton outer curtain ,  without seemingly any additional stress . 
if you want to get a wwf game ,  buy smackdown num_num for playstation and enjoy  !  !  !  . 
dont worry you can win every time because the opponent doesnt move . 
however ,  i believe that a remote controlled car ,  helicopter ,  plane ,  etc .  ,  would be more fun ,  educational and productive . 
finally ,  the game actually copies all of its cutscenes as avi files onto your computer during installation . 
for dummies  gives you arrows on where to go if you get lost  . 
it s pretty good ,  better than the usual num_extend phillips drivers . 
that said ,  i reserve the right to change my opinion should the second unit function properly . 
i finally purchased when the price was reduced . 
this crock is large enough to hold numerous utensils close to the stove for easy access . 
i think i received a bad batch  there s no expiration date  . 
it is heavy ,  but is pretty maneuverable with the handles . 
i don t like to hand chop items in recipes ,  so this chopper was a big help . 
hop around too much and they will come off . 
i use these cutting boards alone and on top of my traditional wood cutting board . 
i got too lazy to get an exchange from amazon . 
i ve enjoyed all of the resident evil games except this one . 
now i am not even sure if i would try it out once . 
the charger works just the same as the original iphone charger . 
i use the hose every time i vacuum ,  but i have had to replace it twice . 
i don t like it because it took me num_num minutes to get it to stay together . 
this muffin pan has excellent weight and a super non stick coating . 
sadly ,  i dropped a few ,  but i still have most of them left . 
like another reviewer ,  i m always confident buying a vortex product . 
i kept applying it hoping that eventually i would start seeing results but nope ,  i didn t . 
constantly changing the game and making the phone easier to use and more functional . 
that may change over time as the device breaks in . 
it may take a little  learning  to adjust you burners to the correct setting . 
i was able to make a meal for six adults in this one skillet . 
sound latency can be about num_extend seconds . overall works well with my samsung galaxy num_extend
even though this west bend only holds num_num eggs ,  i m happy with it . 
all the tools are included but you will need a hairdryer too . 
it is best for blow drying versus hot curlers or flat irons . 
it basically will not hold up to any serious mixing requirement . 
wusthof makes quality knives and i am very pleased with this set . 
i bought those when i got my elecreic rotato express just as i might need later . 
i ve been wearing it all day and it is light and very comfortable . 
i tried two  yes ,  two  batteries and had to send both back because both were crap . 
so if you haven t gotten this game and don t know why you haven t ,  now you know . 
it also discolored after heating up certain foods ,  and became misshapen after getting too hot . 
i m pretty disappointed in melissa and doug for putting their name on this . 
years ago i used a neighbors hoover steam vac and was very impressed . 
i threw this brush away pretty quickly after receiving it . 
not cool !  .  .  . ok so here is probably the most irritating thing in the game and the deal breaker for me . 
the seat is too shallow for any dog over num_num pounds to sit in . 
that stuff contains isopropyl alcohol ,  so i know it can clean almost anything . 
this was the quickest that any cat toy has broken that i have purchased . 
again my copy is back on the store shelf . 
i have a supplement regiment which i have been faithful to since num_extend
of course ,  the return window expired last week . 
the result was firm ,  well textured ,  good flavored pasta . 
at a low price its awesome and unlocked . 
they are very slow and after an hour of charge the level is maximum % increase . 
so it was not enough support toward the front of my foot . 
the packaging leaves a bit to be desired though ,  i had quite the struggle to get the box open . 
the good news is that otterbox will replace your case if it becomes damaged within one year of purchase . 
could it be possible i would need a size num_num to get the right fit ?  i would never know . 
the larger russet potatoes created a huge problem for this cutter . 
then again ,  there is a fair warning in product description ,  so all is above board . 
i use this for my iphone num_extend in the car . 
let s face it ,  this is the best camera phone ever . 
toolkit was included and instructions can be found at ifixit . 
this product does its job and yet affordable . 
reality is this could be just % coconut water or less !  who knows . 
good that it tells you when the power is low . 
plus ,  the coffee stays fresh and hot in the thermal pot . 
to realize that the cats had an allergic reaction ,  contact dermatitis from the plastic . 
they were too small and you were not able to replace them with a larger size . 
i eat one portion fresh and have two more portions later . 
i believe as long as the plate is not over num_extend it will fit nicely . 
perhaps this would be a better fit for cold climates ,  but not hot temps . 
luckily i tried these at home before going out into public . 
where will it end ?  oh !  num_num minutes into the call the line went dead . 
it s a few dollars more expensive but well worth it if you really care about your bunny . 
it s my own fault for not looking at the specifications . 
i don t see this as a con; in fact ,  if you have kids ,  this is a pro . 
it s a safety feature that will prevent a motor from burning itself up . 
a bit of delicate task ,  considering we re allergic . 
after cooking and cooling ,  i use a scraper and water to remove the food . 
i accidentally set a hot pan on it and it melted instantly . 
i will never recommend a weber product again ,  nor will anyone i know purchase another weber product . 
i ve bought several and i think it makes good coffee . 
it s nice how you can have it blowing two different directions at the same time . 
it s come down in price  at the time of this review ,  it s num_num dollars  ,  but it s still too expensive . 
i have been wanting this and couldn t find one . 
i leave the lid up overnight even after cleaning to let it air out . 
in summary i will get twice as much juice  about num_num mah for $ vs . 
the bosses in this game give me nightmares !  !  !  !  !  !  !  . 
you get a mini usb and micro usb adapter . 
it s too demanding on time and far too repetitive for me . 
overall i think it is annoying and would recommend getting a different abc toy . 
kids seem to prefer that over something bulky . 
it worked fine for my purposes ,  but if you want something that looks real ,  this is not it . 
maybe this is good cat nip for another cat but it didn t affect mine at all . 
think i will try another hipster brand in the future . 
after that waste of programming code ,  you re allowed to continue on . 
the ricer is simple yet well made ,  strong and reliable and produces evenly riced potatoes every time . 
unrefined is dependent upon the intention or use of the oil . 
however ,  to me it feels like less than num_extend
i don t understand why philosophy can t make this stuff smell better . 
but i can t use the usb connection anymore ,  and i only got the firewire connection to work once . 
sure enough ,  my phone detected it and was then paired . 
love our morning coffee and especially love it from a perc pot . 
maybe it works better with mountain bike tires which have much lower pressure than road tires . 
there was a lot of wandering around learning about different abilities . 
i haven t used these on a grill outside yet ,  but i m sure these would be perfect for that . 
good for any replacement goes in very well and will work if done right . 
i bought several for each pants belt for the many changes i do each day . 
i like softer corn rather than crunchy corn . 
so ,  when i saw this one with the heavy base ,  i jumped at the chance to try it . 
the sound is simply too poor to make this suitable for any sort of serious music listening . 
after a few uses it doesn t look clean . 
i also have a barbecue set with some tongs that are so large as to be nearly useless . 
ups will not pick up from my residence unless i am present to hand it to them . 
i like the zipper on the side for easy access . 
after several tries ,  we haven t figured out how to use this adapter with our computer . 
i love the way it looks when my coffee is sitting there ready to go . 
no one went near it ,  so i out treats in it to entice them . 
i have a curvy shape and this made me look flat and boyish . 
also ,  fits really good and looks nice from the inside of the room . 
i tried the dogs next door and a friend s dog and got the same reaction . 
read others tips and still had no luck . 
if you want to use it fry eggs ,  then try what i do . 
the cookies turn out perfectly and are uniform size . 
this is wider than the num_num quart chef s pan and is not designed for a lid . 
they are the only product in this pack that i continued to buy afterward . 
real crisp and clear ,  but over a period of a month ,  little lines started showing up in my recordings . 
put too much on ,  and there was an excessive greasy buildup . not for me . 
i love this dutch oven !  i just love cast iron period . 
since then i ve had several both brand names and brand x chargers . 
plus it took a really long time to get to my house . 
she loved it and she loves how smooth it feels . 
this one works just like the original used to work . 
this was unfixable so i sent it back for a refund . 
though it shows num_extend the two batteries i received were num_extend
and unless you hide a lot and  rest  you will die ,  and reset a lot . 
a headset like this is mandatory for me . i ve used other headsets before . 
neither the tilting or the panning is particularly smooth . 
reminds me of lemon cleaner in scent ,  especially . 
the quality can even differ from each individual disk ,  instead of per batch like with most disks . 
so ,  i ve got a used item from adorama again . 
finally a place to put my pasta to dry . 
i was tempted to get the $ num_num mah package instead but this one is worth the extra price . 
she swears they are even better than parchment paper and are reusable many times over . 
other than that very pleased with quality ,  durability and design . 
it made a perfect hole for the headphone ,  microphone and num_num punches for the ir lense . 
i recommend illy moka arabica coffee to go with it . 
the edger function did not work well for me . 
it works extremely well and i have not had a single leak . 
after a few tries they got it to connect . 
fits all my different size pots and steams everything from broccoli to corn on the cob . 
most of the ones i ordered claimed to be antiglare and weren t . applying the screen protecter was easy . 
plenty longer if i gave the poor thing any rest . 
or heat it up by he cup in the microwave . 
the air quality in my apt has improved dramtically . 
the first jar i bought was way too dark for me . 
this usb charger is just what i needed . 
not two inch high ,  ten inch long strips that would have kept the tintanic from leaking . 
i would not recommend these unless you plan on replacing it every few months . 
in fact ,  compared to the more recent ones this one is really outdated and poor . 
i immediately started using one and left the other in the package . 
i have not tried to put them in the freezer . 
but the controls system is the worst system i ve ever used . 
after almost two years of heavy use it still works as goodas the day we bought it . 
i ve already had a couple spills ,  but i knew this before buying it . 
the settings on either the fettucini or spaghetti attachements will decide the thickness and overall apperance of your pasta . 
get mediarama and don t get nasty spells like hama ,  mudo and so on . 
the phone recognize it as a regular charger . 
i played ,  played ,  and played that silly game ,  with it s cute num_num bit graphics ,  as if i were possessed . 
it goes from cable modem to ooma  voip  to apple extreme  dhcp server  to this switch . 
the flavor was awful and the texture was really not beneficial to what i would consider stage num_num foods . 
after an hour of trying to get this to work ,  i gave up . 
yummy ! i would never knowingly feed a dog ingredients i can t pronounce or don t know the meaning of . 
doesn t seem to have any vibration noise issues ,  either ,  and it s sitting on a hard wood floor . 
this item came quickly and after about a week of breaking in it fits like a glove . 
their flat bottoms work fine on my smoothtop stove . 
the tablets have a different taste and texture than before . 
the racy red color and design are exactly what i was expecting . 
very handy for all handles that may get hot . 
this makes the ole garlic squish a breeze . 
per the instructions the removal of the release paper exposes the adhesive on the thermometer portion . 
this not only looks awkward; it feels awkward . 
after reading the great reviews on here for this product i figured i would give it a try . 
most cars you won t want to drive anyway . 
the chrome border is very exposed and still prone to scratches . 
on the fence about whether to buy it or not because of the  worthless piece of trash  review . 
they got frustrated when the pump stopped working . 
the uppers are very stiff ,  nearly rigid ,  and the front edges dug painfully into the tops of my feet . 
plus ,  if it s a game ,  then it s a bad game . 
it also drops calls like crazy here in manhattan . 
the battery is great for the first num_num months . 
i thought this was a defect ,  but that s how it s designed . 
this is just the right size for me since i live in a small apartment and by myself . 
sound is pretty good especially if you can find a corner to place it in . 
i have seen none of the lag problems that people complain about . 
this presto is affordable ,  simple ,  accurate and just easy to get along with . 
it can easily fit a large can of soup . 
wusthof proudly stamps the which metal their knives are made of right on the blade . 
there s a reason this is the brand that comes to mind for mixers . 
finally gave way and broke in less than a month . 
a few don ts :  don t buy if you are lazy about dismantling for thorough cleaning . 
many other headsets these days require you to hold a button down ,  which is not always a precise num_extend
they had this on special at a local market ,  so i thought i d give it a try . 
i also plan to use the left overs for christmas baked gifts . 
i have some cast iron that doesn t and they are not used nearly as because of this feature . 
i have read many reviews on those and it seems the phones sometimes falls out of the clip . 
it was worth the price of this product . 
really ,  guys ?  being able to successfully belt feed a machine gun while firing is a desirable skill . 
this one also has handles to make it easy to carry . 
the suggested serving is num_num squeeze per num_extend serving so i tried that at first in my water bottle . 
i ve seen the rubber covers and they just don t seem to look nice or last long . 
takes a bit to learn how to use this but for baking it cannot be beat . 
i use one part chocolate to num_num or num_num parts sugar . 
the aerolatte website claims the motor is guaranteed for num_num years . 
however ,  i chip the lid and having trouble finding a replacement . 
at first i thought they were the greatest thing under the sun for travel . 
this unit was well built in every way except one . 
they hold standby charge a long time as well . 
i have a small flip phone and it fits nicely along with a single car key . 
i am patient ,  willing to do what is necessary ,  and will follow your advice to the letter . 
i was really excited to get the healthy infusions pro straightener by wahl . 
i watched a few youtube videos on juicing and learned a lot . 
 it does not clear the overhanging cabinetry ,  i think the new cord was under two feet  . 
it is identical to our original whip and the picture of the whip looks identical to what i received . 
simple ,  cheap ,  works great and exactly what you need for hands free use . 
i know it s just a car charger ,  but i love the blue light . 
greatly extends the battery life ,  exactly as planned . 
i was hoping to recreate the feel of the one i loved so much . 
however ,  there is no way to turn off this feature . 
as i wear glasses i need to fold that cover down to allow my eyeglasses to touch the lens . 
the rad mode allowed you to spot objects you could break ,  move or do something with . 
i really like this wok and use it several times a week . 
does not feel like cotton probably due to some chemical put on it . 
after num_num nights my neck hurt and not enough support for your head . 
this seat is very well made ,  and when you feel it with your hands ,  is firm but cushioned . 
the role is about to change anyway  jude law anyone  . 
they don t really have much to say ,  either . 
i normally stick to htc products but motorola is really pulling through . 
i mainly use it to make soups and stews ,  and occassionally pasta . 
i think they are worth about $ less than i bought them for . 
i ordered the same size as always but these are way too large . 
the cleaning attachment on this one is very helpful . 
the pan heats evenly ,  no hot or cold spots . 
my walls are hollow ,  so i wasn t sure the screws would stay in ,  even with anchors . 
it takes a little bit more effort than an automatic coffee maker ,  but not much . 
it did drop right into my kimber cdpii . 
the actual packaging was a little damaged ,  but the item was good . 
the edges are rubbery and gross . i always followed the directions . 
these are very small sizes ,  probably worth thre money ,  but they weren t very moisturizing . 
do not ever buy another coffee pot when these stainless are on the market . 
the leather has a very soft touch and professional look . 
when i asked if i could test it ,  they brought over a wood block ,  a potato ,  and a tomato . 
loved the fact that i can use these on my touchscreen phone and tablet to make using easier . 
it is stable when mixing and easy to clean . 
i bought this thinking it would work better than my old one . 
to me ,  these don t taste at all like licorice and not much like pomegranate . 
even on an electric oven it still gets hot enough to wok . 
however ,  after the second time i folded it the  joints  became loose and it wiggled when i used it . 
i frequently make large pots of soups and sauce and they are perfect for this job . 
i gave this cartridge four stars mostly because i think it s too expensive . 
no problems there . the popcorn always pops full and crisp and doesn t burn . 
i especially love the foot designed to keep it off the bottom of the pan . 
at that point i through it away .  .  . do not buy these toys . 
they came exactly as described and they work great . 
the outcome is a very sharp blade and one that slices anything with ease . 
the flimsy cover that it comes with is not sufficient . 
this means that it has a pretty decent nonstick finish these days . 
knowing how kids are i knew i had to protect it or it would not last one week . 
i have used them for a very long time . 
the filter itself is a piece of work to clean . 
this looks great and carries a decent number if bottles compared to others of similar size . 
i knew i needed a case for this phone and during the num_extend i found this case . 
yesterday i wanted to liquify some cooked potatoes for soup . 
conclusion :  these homedics massagers can only be bought in the usa . 
btw ,  its cheaper at those two places than online . 
you aimed and fired at a certain amount of enemies before they killed ,  passed ,  or stole from you . 
this steamer is good for dim sum ,  veggies and whatever you want to reheat by steaming . 
once you ve gotten the bowl out ,  let the head down into the locked position . 
they tell you not to do this ,  but i use it for dairy :  it keeps milk cold for hours . 
there are six characters and only one  sonic  is decent . 
jabra all has bad reviews and i tried a plantronics one and returned it . 
this is a heavy duty glass ,  i mean heavy duty . 
there are kids in the game and normal people . 
i liked it well enough that i ordered a second one . 
if it hadn t exploded i would have been worried that the seal was broken in transit . 
you can get the generic version of this for $ by driving to your local target . 
i m actually storing athletic socks in it on a shelf in my closet ,  and it works great . 
i was very very dissapointed in this product . 
as with any oil it must be applied every so often to keep the wood protected . 
if you need a steamer this is definitely a good buy . 
they charging more money than others and you will get the same fisher price model . 
this didn t work for multiple devices that require at least num_extend output . 
croix with a zipper pull completely broken off . 
plus other people think they are very cool . 
it s made of flimsy plastic that twists and bends if the front sight is really tight . 
if only this game was easier it might be fun ,  buts its not easy or much fun either . 
highly recommended for anyone who enjoys quality tools and lots of garlic !  . 
if anyone wants mine ,  just email me .  .  . im selling it on here for cheap now . 
i did this because i had read where others had problems with the seal leaking . 
moreover ,  there is no sliding scale of your covert or overt status . 
it takes a lot of muscle and time ,  which is what it was meant to save . 
i thought this game would be similar to the sims num_num and the sims bustin out . 
it s not perfect and it won t replace your regular vacuum cleaner . 
this headset works well and is a good value ,  but the fit is a constant problem . 
but i wished it came with a medium sized knife for cutting vegetables . 
i was looking for head phones with a usb connection to use with dragon . 
i d had one that worked great for num_num years . 
these dutch ovens are perfect and you cannot beat the price . 
i ve used it to make rice or ramen . 
it appears to be chip resistant ,  and given the weight it is not going to easily knock over . 
until i sat down and there were these huge bulges on both my sides . 
i would like to know who thought of that brilliant design ? food does fall down into little cracks and crevices . 
i have an all black pair and they fit great . 
i love the depth of this bowl for snacks and for big servings of a stew or pasta . 
i ve had about num_num of these type of grills ,  a few of them george foreman . 
very happy !  !  lot cheaper than verizon store that s for sure . 
two had dark spots ,  swirls and blemishes ,  again on the front of the pearls . 
i viewed the customer video and tips before trying ,  so i knew the tricks to make it work . 
version with warranty  silver   ,  as most bluetooth headsets are . 
i ve seen num_extend games that look better than this . 
this is super easy to install and is like a brand new battery . 
i also purchased the amish country popcorn and every kernel popped . 
i got one for my generation num_num glock num_num and expected the same results but was disappointed . 
and the main ink display isn t dark enough . 
the router worked num_num whole day and died jan num_extend
i washed my face twice a day with step one and followed it with step two each time . 
i like that this is not the aluminum version that galvanizes and rubs off in your food . 
no sharp edges on the can lids ,  no lids falling into your food ,  and no strain on your hands . 
just me copying files over to it ,  and the battery ran out of juice . 
it s exactly what i neededyou can t go wrong for the priice . 
the lotion was very watery and when i put it on my skin there was no hydrating effect . 
whatever i thought i knew and liked about mashed potatoes was wrong . 
i ve also used it for baking pies ,  cookies ,  and a few other dishes and i really love it . 
i read a lot of glowing reviews for this box . 
if these observations don t turn you off ,  drink up and enjoy !  . 
i think grills are just hard to clean by their nature . 
nevertheless to say ,  this is not neat and not so safe . 
the picture looks like the upper part sticks out beyond the lower pan; but it does not . 
this makes the knife less expensive to manufacture ,  and means that the handle molding can be less precise . 
so ,  what went wrong ?  well ,  let me go through the game . first the story . 
only problem is the slits aren t wide enough . 
everyday i find something new to love about my evo . 
the first time we made it we forgot the salt ,  but it still tasted great . 
i have no complaints and would recommend this purchase to anyone . 
she said the red is so vibrant and the mixer works great . 
but the actually build and quality of the truck is very cheap and flimsy . 
even the updates haven t brought these phones to where they should be as far as reliability . 
i am impressed with the coffee made with this coffee maker . 
pros :  very durable son liked it since it was introduced early on and he didn t have many other options . 
it s just the perfect size for a single can of progresso soup or a can of chili . 
the battery was charged ,  it just would work for a few seconds and then stop . 
i also found this makeup very difficult to remove . 
i noticed a difference right away between the tablets and the capsules . 
it doesn t work on a lot of phones .  .  .  . and i don t know why . 
i have always loved glass pyrex measuring cups . 
maybe just include a few corner pieces . that said ,  this stuff works great . 
i looked several places on line for a tea kettle . 
buy it ,  just don t expect more out of it than it can provide . 
the all metal grater has many rough edges on the holder and on the lid to the storage compartment . 
on the top are the control panel and the yeast dispenser . 
i am very impressed with the oxo good grips cookie scoops . 
i will update this review again in a month or so you will know if it still works . 
hardwood or laminate cover my other floors  vinyl in bath and laundry  . 
i think everyone should have one of these in their home . 
i ve had much better experiences with hape s peg puzzles ,  and i would recommend them highly . 
i like crisp ,  clean scents and this is not that . 
i love these tools makes dipping chocolates so much easier and a whole lot less messier . 
oh ,  one note tho ,  it s not actually the shape of the one in the pic . 
arrived quickly ,  it is as good as an otterbox . 
there was plenty of dirty water in the recovery tank ,  which proves that it does suction . 
keys on the kindle work with these as well . 
i got this  contact grill  years ago and it is my panini maker . 
those who do already own them can just save ten bucks . 
i did the work on a really clean ,  hard ,  flat surface which i thoroughly cleaned . 
great gift idea !  ready when you need it and fresh . 
wow this thing gives me an instant headache . 
amazon refunded my purchase price ,  and unfortunately i was unable to order the product with a reasonable expiration date . 
very stupid you had to get this for a walkman phone . 
while still not the perfect toaster it is far superior to others that i have had . 
we have to swipe repeatedly to get it to the left side of the screen . 
you an tell that the bowl is constructed more solidly . 
this item sounded so good in previous reviews . 
i ve visited factories in china years ago and recognized the odor immediately . 
i drank so much water in fact ,  that i constantly kept running to the bathroom so often . 
we are getting away from the plastic container ,  which stain ,  and melt in microwave . 
the design started rubbing off within days of purchasing it . 
i like the concept of it and it works great for playing music in the car . 
i really don t like not have a little more control over height . 
i bought one for myself as well to take to my office . 
it said i needed to clean my lens contacts ,  so i did . 
at $ i am going to order several more as  super economy sized  stocking stuffers !   : o  . 
you d be better off using a grill or going to the grocery store to buy a rotisserie chicken . 
the question we asked ourselves was how did we get along for so long without a salad spinner . 
the shape and size are absolutely perfect but the interior of the pan is unbelievably rough . 
it still tasted nice ,  but i felt seriously ripped off given the price . 
one of the best ways to have a nice full flavored cup of coffee . easy to use ,  easy to clean . 
i called cuisinart and asked them to send me a new blade assembly . 
what a waste of money and time !  the microphone part stopped working after just a couple of months . 
there can be some  issues  with the plastic cracking or separating . 
from the under $ variety to this one . spend a little more ,  get a quality product that will last . 
i can make a cup like this in my mr . 
i couldn t really taste the ginger it was very weak on all levels . 
the blade is not sharp enough to cut tendon . 
my num_num lb cat kept knocking it over . 
hard wired machines were unaffected ,  as expected . on the plus side ,  amazon s return policy was quick and efficient !  . 
that s where the problem is . returning them right away . 
bigger is always better . stainless clean up is easy . 
as i wrote in one of my reviews ,  this is a product that is a preferential choice . 
it features contemporary styling ,  ease of use ,  and is full featured . 
so he got me this as a replacement . 
you have to force them to open when they close and it just makes the process slow and annoying . 
this little thing has got some serious grinding skills . 
not sure what kind of bread they are using ,  but regular bread fits perfect . 
i began taking candex as instructed in the label ,  on empty stomach ,  to get rid of candida . 
it s either overrated or it just didn t wok for me . 
this corrected what i consider a design flaw in the motorola dock . 
its great that it comes with num_num stylus you can share with your friends and they look really cool . 
if you tune the headphones properly the sound is mediocre  average  and thats not always the result . 
we read review and set up in every which location . 
it is a heavier gauge than i expected ,  so it should hold up well . 
in a nutshell ,  that s the big plus for this . 
bought the white one for my artisan kitchenaid mixer . 
i bought one for num_extend and it worked so got one for my niece . 
if i smelled this long it would give me a headache . 
fortunately the company was willing to give me a refund when i sent them back . 
they were not too small and not totally too big and did not fit in the leg or anything . 
i will wear it around the house but not again on a run . 
she uses it for light floors with no heavy stuff like cat litter . 
complaints first :  it does take forever to heat and the handles do get hot . 
i immediately threw it away because i was worried she might choke on them . 
easy on and off and volume is great ,  i have not had anyone complain about the sound . 
what can one really say about a vacuum filter ?  it s a replacement and does the job . 
as far as storage goes ,  it is slightly bulkier than the pampered chef opener ,  but i ll happily make room . 
i bought this knife because of a recommendation in cook s illustrated magazine . 
compared to the previous brush heads which would actually last num_num months . 
i figured it s neutrogena so it must be good . 
you can pair up to num_num devices ,  and use num_num at a time . 
too bad my son loves it as it won t last as long as the metal or wooden thomas products . 
i tested the router and had no improvement at all . 
i love all farberwear pots and this did not disappoint . 
check it with your address to see coverage in your area prior to buying the phone . 
the thing probably will out last all of us . 
there s little doubt there are a lot of people who love these things . 
my wife and i use it daily ,  we ve had no problems ,  and are very happy with this purchase . 
needless to say ,  i m not a huge fan . 
i like that it ships in  amazon frustration free packaging  ,  which means no plastic clamshell packaging to fight through . recommended ! cfh . 
they say to just use a little more force to get the lid on . 
for one ,  you have no option to change the resolution at which movies are captured . 
the voice prompts for various functions are clear ,  and the headset is simple to operate . 
however the front portion is only secured on num_num sides leaving front unacceptable to me . 
i digress to the taste ,  i really do not detect pomegranate at all . 
i bought this for my nexus num_num after seeing many recommendations . 
i wish the little dished out place for removing the battery being charged were a bit deeper . 
the mophie juice pack never has let me down . 
was recently at a salon and bought a bottle because i have trouble with breakage and split ends . 
this looks like it would be a blast for kids but it isn t . 
hopefully this will allow me to watch upconverted dvds through component . another update . 
after about num_num minutes of churning ,  the bowl starts to sweat all over . 
thanks for reading ,  check my other reviews ,  and please let me know if they were helpful . 
on average i can charge my iphone num_extend four times  usually at around % battery life  . 
sorry ,  but seagate is just not living up to its reputations anymore . 
replacement set lasted about num_num months when the plastic piece connecting the bracket to the ear piece just broke . 
and are not expensive ,  do i don t need to take that much caution with them . 
the hanger keeps everything from getting wrinkled in a drawer . 
i had them on for maybe five minutes and had to take them off because of it . 
i use my oxo good grips salad spinner every day for the last num_num years or so . 
it is plastic and looks rather cheap and the color is not good ,  at least not to me . 
i did not think that oxo could do better and i am pleasantly surprised about the new set . 
both fans i keep on window ledges to pull in cool spring and fall air . 
the band is too tight and it takes both hands and strong fingers to unlock it . 
don t get this game if you are like me . 
also ,  you need to pretreat any old or bad stains first . 
i thought my daughter would really enjoy this since she loves music and coloring but found this toy frustrating . 
now it is on amazon for $ bucks a bottle . 
they don t need greasing ,  just a little pam and they re good to go . 
what a waste of money . i bought the shark num_num months ago . 
i was totally amazed to find out this uses nicad batteries that suffer from battery memory and are horrid . 
however when you look at wusthof s website ,  these knives are still listed there . 
works great for crepes .  .  .  . at least my husband ,  the cook in the family says so . 
first of all ,  they are very pricey; $ per package . 
works great only thing is the way it is angled it is blocking the earphone port . 
i would give this to someone i hated . 
could be they are just not to be for my liking . 
maybe i didn t teach them long enough or maybe they just didn t understand how to use it . 
i do feel obligated to say if you re looking for a cheap version of an otterbox ,  then keep looking . 
he heard a click and it was over . 
i feel like i need to wipe down face after i use these . 
the screw become really difficult to use after continuous use ,  and then eventually failed . 
i wear an num_extend and ordered a num_extend
the recipes have a degree of creativity ,  but are all things that  real people  eat . happy cooking !  . 
our twin num_num year olds didn t even know what it was suppose to be . 
what i was looking for was a balloon whip for egg whites . 
i ve dropped my phone already ,  and it s nothing !  . 
about the only tough thing to use this wonderful headset is to take it off the package . 
it was much sturdier than i expected ,  and was easily to assemble . 
there is a picture of the controller pointing to the various parts . 
i would use it for ab work except i find it very uncomfortable . 
hannah from pretty little liars had this case so i had to get it  :   . 
i don t like having to turn on my bluetooth and drain the battery . 
using the helper handle also helps to ensure that you won t accidentally drop the skillet . 
i got these so we could have a smaller plate so smaller portions . 
but any adult can easily grasp that microsoft bickers and argues over petty things . 
so i decided to just use them and add them to my list of things to never buy again . 
this is the poorest design i have seen in num_num years of gaming . 
i do a lot of mixing and pouring and regular funnels are too small to easily manage the task . 
after a major disaster with maybelline fit me foundation ,  i decided to give this foundation a try . 
i use these on a daily basis in a professional kitchen in lieu of a wooden spoon . 
i used it to remove a big num_num year old rust stain on my carpet . 
i think this just stretched my skin too much . 
i do a lot of physical activity for work ,  climbing crawling etc and this holster keeps phone secure . 
the solution ,  was to purchase a quality bundt pan with excellent heat conduction . 
i have a small set of ears ,  and the default is perfect . 
i put a bunch of them on tape then got this and thought i d died and gone to heaven . 
i have owned the vitamix super num_num since num_extend and i love it . 
the aftertaste will take a lot of getting used to if you decide to try this product . 
i d rather read the dialogue like in the previous ff games . 
there is tons of space on this thing and its a very well made product . 
i looked at many different cases online before i decided on this one . 
i figured i d treat myself to a new one . 
this alarm is just a piece of junk . 
i generally buy natures miracle at petsmart and it works great . 
i love the idea of amazon delivering things like this direct to my door . 
i use it every day for measuring out our german shepherd s two cup a meal kibble . 
i will give it a bit longer and update this review if needed . 
this num_num clears the air and i wake up without congestion and i sleep much better . 
this has made my making bread dough very easy . 
they do catch large particles well ,  and are an integral part of my holmes filter . 
dirty screen ,  non working proximity detector ,  faulty ear piece . 
it works ok as long you you re not using it  i . e . 
the sphero is entertaining for anyone of any age . 
at that point it stopped playing dvd s altogether . 
took about num_num seconds to wiggle it out . 
aside from these problems ,  it is really a great product !  !  . 
and since they re metal they shouldn t break like some of my plastic ones have . 
i am disappointed to have to give this product an unfavorable review . 
they are fabulous to use ,  easy to wash and look so shiny !  we love them . 
i have tried them all and the mcgowen is the best . 
the ones on the edge don t impede on performance . 
a large sea to summit  my friends  fit much better on it  . 
no problems with it and i am very happy with this battery . 
the swipe features are also really nice and i ve found this phone to be relatively easy to use . 
seriously the absolute best steak knife either of us have ever used and we ve tried many . 
we chose to get the same item again because the first one was so good . 
search around try jules but this stuff is gross and regreted buying a case of it . 
the category cards are best combined with the weatherbee tabbed recipe card dividers ,  set of num_extend
so ,  i was uber excited to get my palette num_num weeks ago . 
i m so disappointed !  !  !  the flavor is completely different . 
the end that plugs into the iphone fits nicely also  both the num_num and num_extend
being barefoot and risking getting stepped on repeatedly is better than wearing these shoes . 
everyday of it; and i didn t notice a difference . 
i have to say ,  that when i first put this game in my num_extend that my disappointment was immediate . 
i love this case ,  my family has num_num iphones and i have this case on all of them . 
it also does not open and allow easy cleaning . 
ordered several colors and threw them all out ,  waisting a lot of money . 
 i ll update if that prediction becomes reality  . i ve only got one other feeder . 
i had such high hopes ,  but ended up trashing it . 
the outer silicone case does not fit snug at all . 
i actually replaced a total of num_num iphone batteries ,  which were over num_num years old . 
i highly recommend both the tiny one here and it s big brother . 
then i turn the whole pan upside down . 
the fidelity is on par or better than plugging directly into the phone with my wired headsets . 
it is a good thing the can is so small . 
it is not easy to remove from the phone . 
edges aren t too sharp ,  as long as it doesn t get bunched up it s num_extend
that totals at least six hours of hot coffee . 
we bought this bowl after my husband kept using my nice stainless measuring cups on the grill . 
i might mention that my collar graveyard contains nearly two dozen dead collars of several brands . 
i purchased this for travel purposes but decided to try it at home first . 
the iron did not get hot enough to do anything . 
i have to clean at least once a num_extend
however ,  i woke up this morning to great coffee . 
aluminum is tried and tested and provides professional results . 
otherwise ,  i ended up with lumps of ice cream in a puddle of milk . 
i got this filter before i understood the difference between cheap filters and ones that actually work well . 
factory match to the cord that came with the phone . 
it is very light weight ,  sits securely on my ear and can be worn for long periods of time . 
but the caveat is that it doesn t cover the hardware volume and power buttons . 
you need to be reported or pull this product . 
whips eggs up beautifully and love how it mixes corn bread batter . 
this model is so much easier to use and a whole lot easier to clean . 
come on !  i need tanks ,  planes ,  and infantry . 
as long as you are not expecting crystal clear strong booster ability ,  one should be happy with the product . 
i read rave reviews about this product and it s educational value . 
this toy is not appropriate for num_num or num_num year olds ,  even though amazon recommends it for num_extend years . 
ill update my review after i speak with customer service for some advice or new piece . 
the emerson head bluetooth headset was giving to my son and he love it . 
i was simply using pppoe on the wan side and dhcp on the lan side . 
i ended up leaving the toy with my mom ,  a squirrel lover ,  for her cats . 
poor quality ,  but you get what you pay for . 
i thought this would be similar to crystal light . 
some of my birkenstocks fit ,  but are crammed together ,  but regular shoes fit with no problem . 
i bought two sets of these for my daughters . 
they work fantastic ,  and easy to clean off ,  plus they don t leave a sticky residue when i remove it . 
i just don t understand what game you reviewers were playing . 
this interrupt the game play and is very frustrating . 
this is the worst screen cover i ever purchased for my phone . 
the price was great too !  ! i know that i will be healthier because i am now cooking with stainless steel !  !  !  . 
firdt the cons  .  .  . proably the most annoying is that occassionally  ,  the data connection won t engage when it should . 
kept my phone scratch free very excited that i bought thesescreen protectors would have not done with out thanks . 
too bad because i love now foods lanolin and veg . 
when you remove it and close the ear thing it shuts off . 
for that matter i can t honestly even if they had great sound quality but give it one star . 
the marbles are plastic which makes them bounce around and off the board . 
i ditched this case ,  because it is so annoying to take the phone out and put it back in . 
fall off because the food on it weighs more than the pan can handle . 
i could but it took me ten minutes and i m an rn quite comfortable with doing things like catheterization . 
anyways lets start . the story line of magna carta is bout as generic as you can get . 
it can be used for storage and as a marinator . 
the ends on this cord didn t fit into my phone . 
 yes ,  i know that i can remove the batteries . 
you will be better off boiling water in a pot and using a towel overhead to use the steam . 
one had polka dots and the waist is too high . 
now i can get rid of my landline and start saving some money . 
i m sure the designers thought they were being cute . 
they feel substantial in the hand and i think they ll last a good long time . 
but if you like smooth ,  soft sheets you will probably not be happy with these . 
this particular flavor is definitely more suited to be a hot tea . 
firstly ,  you can save a maximum of num_num games to a card ,  not blocks . 
boooo samsung !  % of the things you make dont last . 
i have tried storing them with weight on them but to no avail . 
i love being able to actually see it charging . 
it was ok in the beginning ,  but then around week num_extend it started to itch a little . 
the price isn t low ,  but you get what you pay for . 
i have been an avid fan of mortal kombat for as long as there s been a mortal kombat . 
i can t even go an entire work day without it wearing off . 
it looks like a two year old belt . 
typical of any amazon supplier ,  i received mine in short order . 
every little extra thing costs at least num_extend
and most frustrating is the snail pace with which the characters accomplish every task . 
the attention to detail is evident in every nook and cranny . 
i ll have to let you know about the ease of that . thanks to the craftsperson who made them !  . 
the vacuum worked better than any vacuum we ve ever owned . 
one of the tips fell off as i was taking it out of the package . 
i got num_num different sunbeam stand mixers before i gave up . 
i love these they make the screen look so much better . 
works great has two sizes one on each end and does not break the bank . 
no matter how many times i wash our clothes with this detergent ,  it doesn t get the stink out . 
the problem with that is ,  they don t work very well for that either . 
if i had purchased it at a store i would take it back . 
i bought this for my newly remodeled kitchen . 
it is the ideal resting place for your palm pre num_extend
these types of toys are great for kids with bored or busy hands . 
i hated to give seidio any more money since they didn t stand behind their product . 
as i would move them back and forth ,  the brushes would just follow . 
but the plastic is quite brittle and cannot tolerate much beyond that . 
the price was better as was the shipping . 
the motorola power adapter charges my droid with the num_extend battery in num_num min . 
the bar feels slippery in my hand and there are little brown granules in the bar . 
it s inexpensive compared to some models offered and it works great . 
the side bolt on the new num_extend and num_extend series is much more comfortable and intuitive . 
but i could not live without one ,  so i got a replacement . i fill mine with olive oil . 
this time she was very interested ,  but it was a totally frustrating time for her . 
it makes it easier for me to get those dreaded tasks accomplished more num_extend
this tray does not fit the stainless steel fountain although it is advertised to fit it . 
nice stainless finish and swivel base is convenient . 
the only downside is that the handle gets a bit warm when heating . 
it is heavy ,  leaves a film on the hair ,  and does not wash out easily . 
there is nothing better !  !  and this coffee pot is simply wonderful . 
i go for the  contoured  pans when i m making rum cakes ,  and this one is aces . 
i bought it for less than $ and gave it a try . 
haven t used num_num in years ,  but with new state laws needed something when renting a car for biz trips . 
the extra caffeine is not worth the sacrifice on taste . 
i read all of the reviews on on amazon just to get an idea of what to expect . 
all this being said i am not rating this headset based on the docs . 
i know ,  check the forum boards to find out system problems .  .  . open ports ,  firewalls ,  blah ,  blah ,  blah . 
it has been unreliable and performance has been inconsistent . 
does the job for finding small spots ,  thats why its compact and cheap . 
sound quality ,  both incoming and outgoing is very good . 
no num_num inch lid available that i can find . 
he seems to be breaking out like mad ,  but i can t really say if anything else will help . 
really works nice as a flat pan for things like french toast ,  grilled sandwiches ,  etc . 
the reason is because it is spring loaded to gently force the speaking sensor next to your face . 
but ,  on black cars especially ,  it does not give a nice deep glossy or  wet look  shine . 
a call to the vendor was very helpful . 
did not help with styling and felt ike i had witch hair after brilliant drying . 
we bought this for our children for christmas . 
a really nice final feature is the swiveling base . 
needed a peeler that was num_num inches wide and they led you to believe that . 
so ,  i bought this product hoping that it would neutralize this effect . 
it s no good if i can t see where you re going to land after doing a ramp jump . 
the chocolate covering these was found to be dried out and coarse . 
a+ for simplicity and nice touch on the little status button that tells you how much juice is left . 
i suppose each division of ea has it s own standards . 
this watch would gain a minute a day . 
this one costs a lot more than similar models . 
this device has essentially been eclipsed by its own success . 
it was easy to use and easy to clean . 
very solid construction and will have for a very long time . 
this is also the lightest shade ,  so please don t waste your money . 
i live in the los angeles area where the tap water is hard and horrible . 
after the num_extend quake ,  which was also bad ,  came something even worse quake num_num arena . 
the only reason i am not returning it is because it is covered with my blood .   . 
they don t come close to the sound and noise canceling quality of the bose so know that going in . 
i have asthma and severe environmental allergies to environmental allergens like pollen and dust mites . 
she recommends for game use since finger taps sometimes not recognized . 
this product is advertised as an  introductory smartphone  . 
the colors and the butterflies ,  and the cute story all were a hit . 
it is nearly to my back so very long as well . 
the farm chores are incredibly boring and watering plants feels impossible . 
i found myself talking very loud in order to be heard . 
there are several tips i can offer when making ice cream . 
they perk up just from catnip and catnip toys in a box in a closet . 
i just wanted a cheap stand for my galaxy num_extend
they are the best i have used so far . 
i got this phone for my little sister . 
verizon clearly wants you to go to their getitnow service to purchase the latest and flashiest ringtones . 
if you must get only one pressure canner get this one . 
i got this in beige for a trip to nyc .  .  . i guess i didn t think it through . 
however ,  it was more complicated than i hoped it would be ,  hence four rather than five num_extend
another plus ,  it will last forever if you follow a few simple rules . 
i walked up to about num_num dudes and just handcuffed them . 
i only used it for a few days and then went back to a different case . 
this is not the one to buy until they fix that little tip . 
it is a very simple thing to use and there is very little effort required in turning the grinder . 
try to make a call to a company that says press num_num for english ,  num_num for spanish ,  etc . 
i used to buy this product at drugstores and was glad to find it again . 
i reread the instructions and found the problem . 
this is a great bumper despite being so cheap . 
nothing stick to it ,  and i am sure it can bake corn ,  banana ,  fruit breads ,  etc .  ,  all day long . 
making my own hummus has probably paid for the machine by now . 
if using a frozen product ,  follow the temp directions on the package . 
it did not come bent and stuck to the phone well . 
they are all inexpensive but nothing quite like the feel of a nice quality thick stainless steel part . 
i will just tell the kids it melted  in an incinerator  . 
but i had the case for about a year so it does last a while . 
after you try it once you will know this . 
the only thing i noticed is that the screen protector holds dents and marks . 
i might get infant s yogurt chips instead in the future . 
it was purchased from organic milling in num_extend
the slighest drop of water will blow it up . 
after purchasing the first one ,  i have ordered several more to store all my platters . 
my grandson wanted the hub for his his playstation num_num slim ,  which sees a lot of use . 
it is incredibly easy to separate this film from the screen . 
i have a full beard ,  and my wife says it almost blends in . 
if you want a good single player mode ,  try searching the net for mods . 
this game is good on it s own but it s just not doom . 
good style ,  high quality ,  dishwasher safe knife that keeps its sharpness use after use . 
i s a great choice and a great value !  . 
the others are printed on a piece of paper that will be torn and lost in no num_extend
after that ,  i never made a buying decision without researching a bit . 
i can t believe anyone would prefer this junk over sonic the hedgehog or ,  especially ,  the mario bros . 
i was looking for a case for my iphone num_num that my belt would slip through . 
here s the deal .  .  . sure ,  he s a teenager ,  but he wasn t rough with the bag . 
i bought this because i now have children to decorate birthday cakes for . 
so i guess i m not the first one to do this . returned for refund . 
the revere num_num could easily become a useful family heirloom . 
you must do this if you buy gourmet kernels that are small and lightweight . 
this one doesn t seem to help with my dogs stiff joints . 
after putting on the protective cover for the iphone ,  i can scarely put the iphone into the pouch . 
use the touch screen with out fear of the phone moving under your fingers . 
the plastic lid occasionally pops up but no biggie . 
i had some left from a different company so i used them first . 
i like the storage tin ,  which i also used as a cutter . 
i add algaecide to aid in keeping the water clear . 
so if you pick one and it s too tight ,  the next one is going to be too loose . 
with the mushroom shaped foam pad ,  it s enough to simply rest it against the opening . 
then i used same to power a usb fan to cool my notebook . 
a few obstacles had to be met first . 
needed to use a bowl for a double boiler and wasn t happy with the glass ones . 
remove veggies ,  wipe clean then make my sauce . 
i use the medium scoop for keeping my meatballs uniform in size . 
sonly also includes a small plastic case  about the size of a business card holder  . 
the handle is long and well balanced and hasn t ever gotten too hot to handle . 
the magnet closure is secure but still easy to open . 
these screen protectors are always hit or miss . 
the sound is far better than i expected . 
i guess that s to be expected .  .  . its hard to top num_extend toys :   . 
like num_num elastic loops . thank you band it dishwasher loop . 
when you buy your dutch oven ,  buy the lid lifter . 
what can i say ,  it s everything they claim and more . 
i was constantly having to clean my screen . 
a little tinny sounding but very light weight and loud enough to carry in my backpack on the bicycle . 
several customers were burned on this false claim and amazon has yet to correct it . 
if you are super thin ,  this may work for you ,  but if you re overwight forget it . 
i called the company behind the product called icon health and fitness . 
returned it within the hour of receiving it . 
this item had much promise ,  however after trying it on i was unimpressed . 
some may like having it flex a bit but not me . 
so i just made my kid do it . 
at $ it was less than half the price of the cast aluminum one sold by the range manufacturer . 
it s durable and adjust to any head size  i . e . 
i don t like the bun toaster part though . 
i notified amazon and i hope they update their information . 
since i retired i have started doing a lot of cooking and these are absolutely great . 
this product interferred with a med i was taking . 
the case has what seems be a silicone inner core covered my a hard plastic shell . 
my daughter at first played the games ,  but she got sick of them very quickly . 
my friends think it s the best of the higher end units they ve had and tried . 
i wanted to try a meat knife instead of a bread knife while doing my bbq competition . 
seidio s battery fits the seidio case like a glove . 
after about a week you will notice little burrs showing up on the knive edge . 
every time i take this tablet  just one  it makes me feel kind of sleepy and tired . 
these brushes are soft ,  but they aren t stiff enough to pick up powder or blend your makeup . 
it looks like the screen is rough and not smooth . 
if you purchase online you absolutely have no idea what you are getting . 
while this one performs better than the prior ,  it still doesn t pull it s weight for the money . 
i went to amazon to return and got a message that it was past due the return window . 
i wish amazon could do something to ban these knockoffs from being sold . 
i like the design and the pull out crock . 
i have to say it is more like a  life tool  . 
costing just under $ the smart living openers were a bargain . 
purchased this for my wife ,  but i have also utilized it on several occasions . 
this bottle opener has opened several hundred bottles and works perfectly every time . 
if you re considering splurging on this for yourself or a gift ,  i highly recommend it . 
i do believe this is an actual num_num watt supply !  will be buying more !  . 
he tried to do that with these springs ,  and they snapped him on the foot and in the nose . 
no problem ,  no hassle ,  as it should be ,  at your convenience . 
my puppy went through num_num of these  one blue ,  one lime green  . 
skip this and buy a reliable brand such as yhm . the picture is inaccurate . 
it might not be to scale ,  but the gate works !  !  . 
so we decided to get this fruit holder in an attempt to make our fruit display  classy  . 
but they are still the best thing out there . 
it also comes with a small micro fiber cloth for cleaning the screen before application . 
this is my first and only juicer so i don t have anything to compare to . 
let me just say that i can often wear an num_extend medium in most shoes . 
beautifully polished metal with no noticeable flaws anywhere . 
compact and easy to carry ,  until you attach your iphone to it . 
plus ,  this product is still working good as new . 
there is a note attached to it saying do not put in dishwasher . 
i have not found any product that has demonstrated notable change in scar appearance . 
i absolutely love these glasses !  the are thick and don t chip easy ,  plus easy to clean . 
they are excellent quality and fit right into my breville . 
silicone so easy to put on and take off . 
i called it  medium heat deceptive advertising :  there are no whole shrimp or shrimp pieces as depicted on the label . 
i stopped using it around my eyes and the area looked better . 
i love that they allow me to turn on my music ,  start jogging ,  and forget about them completely . 
i prefer slightly bigger pieces that i can taste more ,  but it really depends on the person and dish . 
i found that i had been fooling myself with the very low readings it displayed . 
after using it for over ten years i have to stop . 
a lot of vinegar but far less than franks . 
the markers were dried up ,  but i was given an immediate refund ,  so i m happy about that . 
it did nothing to calm him down ,  but i think it calmed me down . 
i enjoyed walking around the levels ,  just to see the intricate layouts and cool effects in the backgrounds . 
the price of this was right ,  i had a gift card so i thought i would try it . 
overall i m extremely happy with this roaster and glad i made the purchase . 
these are supposed to be dd ,  but are closer to d . the underwire is halfway under my armpit . 
once in place it looks great and gives a very secure feel to the phone . 
we can t use indoors at all on account of the noise . 
but it was almost as broken and beaten up as the original feathers within a couple of uses . 
i did not have fun playing this game . 
i can t speak for other braun models ,  but i would certainly recommend the pulsonic . 
having some experience with spray detailers ,  i had an idea what to expect . 
i guess it pays to read the entire description . 
i use headset so no idea how camera microphone sounds . 
it can be a stinker to clean up ,  but what isn t ?  . 
i am not sure which salts it checks . 
i still store food but have to be careful not to tip the container . 
the filter is listed on their site ,  if you dig ,  but you will notice you cannot order it . 
i clean it after each use and there must be a least a tablespoon of left over grinds . 
this allows me to make and save two portions for my husband and i ,  and more for later . 
it lasted for a little while ,  but it broke along with the rest . 
my only complaint is i wish they would last longer and stay sharp . 
the iphone has great graphics and nice applications ,  but is a pretty basic device . 
other than the packaging and damage issues this is your standard wire crate . 
pasta cooks very nicely in this combination ,  as does steamed vegetables . 
i can walk away and wait for the buzzer . 
i bought two of these khaki with black trim ,  one for me and one for my best friend . 
there were no left over food areas around the ejection flipper or anywhere around the serving head . 
we tried to use it for three tv movies today . 
these chargers will add a couple hours of talk time but not fully charge your phone . 
i hate when glass carafes break and i wanted an unbreakable option . 
this twirl whisk is deceptively powerful and versatile . 
i am also going to purchase another for sitting outside . 
it rusts ,  even when i hand dry it after each use . 
this was a great purchase and without hesitation i m purchasing the larger version . 
some people left negative comments about the whistle and it rusting out . 
sounds great ,  clear and enough bass for the size . 
you definitely do not need to be a gourmet chef to appreciate this pan . 
i look forward to something that will work for any cell phone . 
this serrated utility knife works well in a great variety of applications . 
well made ,  simple design ,  easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  and consistent performance . 
unlike their powdered products ,  this gel product leaves an off tasteon plastics and silicone . 
i ve got a couple of pairs of the spalding tights ,  and will be sticking with those in the future . 
these socks are for someone with a shoe size num_extend
i sampled some of my favorite songs ,  as well as various movie clips . 
took me a few minutes to put together and just beautiful . 
i aways use it while i am cooking . 
if you can get a plantronics gel that will work just fine . 
also be careful when you wash the lid . 
there is a net zippered pouch on the outside of the zippered cover for smaller utensils . 
it think they tried to put too much on the screen . then the sound . 
i can t believe i spent money on this thing !  my son doesn t care for it either . 
will hardly ever break on linoleum or when dropped in the sink . 
i strongly feel eggshell thin and delicate glass should not have metal clamped down on it . 
i am pleased with this grill even though it cannot replace the jennair cooktop grill . 
put the movie in your dvd player and hit play . 
ours works wonderfully and have no problem with chunks or slipping . 
she liked it so i also ordered one for myself . 
to start out with ,  i always have trouble with every phone i get . 
i would not try it again unless the package directions were much more specific about how to use it . 
despite proper storage and honing ,  they just won t keep an edge . 
i used to eat these peaches  ,  but now will stop . 
these products did not cause any reactions ,  but they also didn t reduce ,  replenish or lift anything . 
i used to love my old zagg invisibleshield on the back of my num_extend
the battle i m talking about is a lot more fun to discuss and a whole lot easier to understand . 
fits much better than the one that came with my otterbox . 
for now ,  i am on to about my num_extend or num_extend iphone case in less than num_num months . 
if you have this toaster ,  please watch it closely . 
i have had a pair of these shears in my kitchen for the last num_num years . 
but ,  i think that s what s really nice about this case .  .  . feels and looks well made . 
it should have ample volume while driving at highway num_extend
as a gift ,  my granddaughter says that she really appreciated my gift . 
not an expert but anyone can do it . 
i highly recommend this sweeper and the seller . 
my only problem is i wish i would have opted for purple instead  love purple  . 
what makes this mixer even better are the additional attachments . 
the high quality leads me to anticipate this is a lifer . 
they look wonderful on my white iphone and dont leave any sticky residue on the home button . 
many thanks to all the reviewers who made my long search for the perfect espresso machine become a reality . 
even with all the graphic options turned down ,  it s unplayable on many of the busier missions . 
the included  turbo frother  steam wand attachment and rubber  crema enhancer  are useless . 
they are just hoping people don t return them . 
gameplay tries to be something it is not ,  namely gta . 
fortunately ,  though ,  this little grill is still rocking and rolling along . 
very satisfied with the product and the and its functionality . 
from what other tell me ,  that is unusual when compared to higher priced competitors . 
if you have played gta san andreas it is pretty much the same thing . 
this product arrived well packaged and appears as advertised . 
before putting it away ,  i give it a quick wipe with a thin layer of cooking oil . 
if i tried to offset them both ,  the vertical stitching and bottom hem was off . 
i have it set in the center and that is prefect . 
this was also an improvement over the jabra num_extend what you need to know about limitations . 
i didn t have real good results with this product . 
i have had difficulty sleeping since i was at least num_extend
i ve found this product worked great for me . 
only for extremely puffy or supper high arch feet . 
however ,  it was shipped and never left the warehouse . 
my num_num month old likes this toy for the music and is able to put the pieces in . 
and i have been enjoying good coffee since . 
i put everything in the sink when done eating and fill with water . 
again this might be a coincidence  ,  but please be careful before buying this drive ,  especially as a replacement . 
the velcro is noisy ,  but not as bad as others i ve tried . 
my toddler loved it and immediately started playing . 
i have other socks that are num_num years old or older still going strong . 
argue with me if you must ,  but the saturn was basically dead by the end of num_extend
dark chocolate in combination with soy beans is an interesting snack; but health conscious consumers could derive some benefit . 
also use them for pairs of hamburger patties and other single and double meat portions . 
i was constantly trying to avoid hitting the mirror against anything such as a wall ,  pole or anything else . 
but it is very hard to get the phone in and out of the restraints . 
i don t really think it is the brand though ,  i just don t think i like oil of bergamot . 
purina also knew there was a lot of contaminated bags and they opted not to recall . 
i thinks she thinks it charges it self or i will do it for her . 
i tightened it very hard  almost fearing thread damage  ,  and still it spat them out . 
it had a great smell ,  but left my hair pretty flaky . 
physical keyboard is almost useless ,  but onscreen keyboard is very good and better than num_extend
you use it to microwave liquids in it . but do not try and use it directly on a kitchen range . 
this product is outstanding !  i love it !  it does so many things ,  toast ,  bake ,  broil ,  convection etc . 
this grater is great to have for quick grating of things that are small . 
this is closer to the smell of tide with bleach . 
it did a much better job of removing the dirt from both the lawn chairs and the shower . 
i use it also for mashing up tomato sauce ,  sweet potatoes and lots of avocados . 
products slip through qc sometimes ,  or can even receive damage during shipping that is invisible to the eye . 
the first couple of times i used the skillet ,  it produced a lot of smoke . 
the grillwork is safe and removes for easy cleaning . 
one of the bags were open a little so they were not fresh at all . 
i bought this with several others offered and they were different it seemed in quality and fit . 
on behalf of the birds ,  i ve lowered my rating from num_num stars to num_num stars . 
i needed an extra muffin pan for a large batch of cupcakes i made over the weekend . 
the length is necessary to zig zag my way back and forth across one thousand square feet of deck . 
i had a nice glow after the first application . 
and lots of time there is enough charge to get me thru an session without charging it . 
with this headset no one knows whether i am using my phone or my headset . 
i do clean and dry it after every use . 
glad i decided on the proctor silex ,  it has been great for the money . 
just what i needed for my iphone with a case . 
twelve of my cats are num_num lbs or bigger and they can barely sit on the shelf . 
i m always trying new headphones ,  i ve owned everything from coby , grado to dr dre s . 
the only problem is that they aren t the easiest to put up . 
so later i tried it again and even broke it in half . 
i love my iphone but as most people know ,  their battery life isn t the best . 
i wouldnt buy it just for use to marinade or just for storage . 
i like the size and form but this case does not fit my gsiii very well . 
i guess unless timex feels $ and three months to disposal ,  which is the case with this watch . 
in no way did it make them disappear . 
will continue to enjoy for years and pass along . 
they didn t stand behind their product nor seemed to care at all . 
these are great characteristics considering we need it most during winter nights . 
the glitter on the back of the cases doesn t come off at all on your hands or clothes . 
this is real life ,  not toy story . so no ,  i do not like the toy . 
i ordered num_num of these bags for my bridesmaids . 
i love this corkscrew ,  i will never go back to the double handled versions again . 
there are fewer loose leaves floating around in my cup and the tea seems to brew much better . 
this is my very first negavite review on anything that i ve purchased on amazon . 
is this any better or worse than other os ?  no . 
the towels themselves were not absorbent at all . 
the iq is good ,  but i don t know if it s $ good  the price difference over the num_extend version  . 
one is loose enough that the connection cuts in and out sometimes . 
the kids just are not interested in it . 
if you want to buy grand theft auto num_extend just buy it; dont buy xbox s lame version . 
this machine looks good and made good coffee for about a year . 
i keep the temperature dialed at the low setting and that seems to work . 
i bought these for everyday dishes in our second home and i really like them . 
the tiny bowl on top is of limited usefulness and i usually end up using only the large bowl . 
i just think this game falls short of what it could have been . 
assembly was easy  my num_extend old figured it out  . 
and to tell you the truth ,  i haven t really figured out the defrost settings for certain items  like bread  . 
unless ,  of course ,  i just want to catch people s attention with this . 
he used it religiously for a few months every day and none of us saw anything difference . 
whether you use green apples ,  red apples ,  granny smith ,  whatever . 
i just tried this this morning and a few major downfalls . first of all ,  i purchased both this product and . 
i know you are supposed to be able to put shoulder in the grinder . 
the new one is taller than she is . 
this is the only case i found for the torch that stays on and is robust . 
i utilized this to make my own phone cover . 
ives moisturizer with collagen and i like it a lot better . 
i couldn t get into it after several tries . 
i bought this belkin case to replace my disintegrating otterbox . 
no need to shop around ,  buy the best for a very reasonable price . 
black flakes started pouring out when i washed it . 
i bought and used this steam cleaner for the first time today and am very pleased with it . 
 : d this is one of the best parts of my kitchen . 
first you put on the silicone skin part and line it up correctly . 
this has changed my life ,  making cookies is so easy now !  . 
you don t even know you have it on . 
the bad has finally come to outweigh the good . the good :  graphics . 
they talk to you while fighting how to do it ,  and that is num_extend
i would sacrifice more adhesive for a more secure screen protector . 
i date all the food and it lasts for a long time . 
i don t know if these  fell off the back of a truck  or not ,  but the quality is superb . 
it came well packaged without any perceivable damage . 
i can t see myself wearing them for any event where i will be in public . 
even though it took off the fake lashed it took me num_extend
i noticed improvement as soon as we left the yard . 
the plastic chipped and cracked with regular use . 
also ,  the darkest setting for making toast is not actually all that dark . 
just as bad ,  it did not do what it said it was going to do . 
there are a lot of good big insulated bottles out there but they seem overkill size wise . 
it has a strong handle and i suspect it will last more than num_num months . 
for the time being that i had this product because i sold the phone it was great . 
i never used my voice command on my phone prior to getting this unit . 
and that s the only real downside to them . 
i am looking forward to making more very soon . 
this  toy  is fun ,  but it s really just for show . 
no brainer gifts for not just yourself ,  but great for students etc . 
i will be ordering another one for my husband . 
if you are looking for a true peach color .  . this is not the one for you . 
my skin felt really irritated ,  and i was preplexed since cetaphil is supposed to be so mild and gentle . 
the fibermesh weave on the tip works very well . 
the charging stand doesn t help cause that s just more money and you can t play while charging . 
i bought this because i was a little disgusted by the microwavable popcorn bags you buy at the store . 
my eyes are generally not sensitive but this stuff made them puffy ,  red ,  and gave me dark eyelids . 
this cover would not stay on the phone it would not snap and was very poorly made . 
so go get orcorina of time and not this . 
if you get a rabbit definitely get something nontipable as opposed to this item . 
it looks beautiful and gives every inch of your ipod total protection from impact and damage . 
i was really disappointed in the enamel ware . 
that includes any sonicstage and open mg programs . 
if i had three thumbs i would give these three thumbs up . 
i love the yogurt this makes ,  and it couldn t be easier . 
relatively solid items ,  like ice cream ,  butter or ganache are rolled within the scoop to form a ball . 
the lid s underside dome shape helps assist in that ,  like a domed teakettle . 
i love and use this phone car charger all the time . 
fair price on the part ,  perfect description and match ,  vacuum works like new again !  . 
no complaints yet ,  it s also a very good deal compared to other cheap cases out there . 
it does not roll on carpet very well so it just wears the motor out . 
i bought these last year and still have quite a few left from the bulk i bought . 
it comes preloaded with the new blackberry os num_extend
i don t have a lot of room to store all different sizes ,  so this works great !  . 
in any movement of groups this problem is ten times as bad . 
it wasn t too bad at first and i continued to use them for another month or so . 
i bought this as a surprise and he put it up immediately . 
we re still hoping for a better peeler than this ,  but this one is pretty darn good . 
while struggling to get the coins in ,  the meter will miscount that particular coin . 
works well and the blue light up motorola insignia looks nice . 
and it isn t even close from first to second place . 
i always used a little butter or oil to greased first before pouring in the batter . 
he had it bad on his head ,  and the pills cleared it up very quickly . 
it is too big and heavy to send it back ,  so i just lost the money . 
not sure if its just new or because theres something wrong . 
i find this product very difficult to place on the i phone screen . 
i use these for cutting fondant for cake and cupcake decoration . 
i did a lot of research on the popular ,  better knife brands before buying . 
it does as close to a perfectly straight cut as is possible . 
since cellet advertizes that it s product is licensed by apple ,  i was expecting a high quality product . 
we ve had these model pots and pans for several years now ,  and absolutely love them . 
it will go the way of robbie the robot for the nes . 
i will be ordering another set so when company comes there are enough settings . 
i purchased a case !  this is how much i liked these !  a lot of them are black and moldy . 
the controls are pretty good ,  but the action moves a little unrealisticlly  no pun intended  . 
the black barrel is classic and subtle . this is a really nice stylus . 
for some reason ,  the shoulder straps are very close to my neck on this one . 
i will just throw this piece of junk into the garbage . 
also ,  data communication is not reliable; became worse over time . 
it s almost an attempt to leave the name off . 
i loved this cuisinart electric skillet for num_num years . 
we are very health conscious about what kinds of foods we eat  we are pescetarian  and only buy organic . 
this happened several times and will continue to happen to cat genie owners . 
my first one broke right at the bridge section of the headset where it rests on the ear . 
i backup all the negative points already stated . 
i have many other thinkfun games .  .  .  .  . i but them all the time . 
i was thinking it was going to taste similar to cheetos but no . 
i purchased this knife from amazon and the price was about $
the peel tabs ripped off when . i attempted to remove them to place the screen protector on my phone . 
so ,  i set up the rest of the coffee and my husband pours it . 
knew we wanted another braun ,  so this was the logical choice for a replacement . 
there s really no point in buying it ,  even though it s cheap . 
the case is well built and feels sturdy . 
maybe the neighborhood cats relieve themselves in the flower beds a little less often . 
tried it another time and it just stopped spraying water . 
but then i will guess most juicers are . 
trust me save your money ,  unless its under num_num dollars buy something else . 
i m almost not using my normal wall chargers any more ,  using this one is just so much more convenient ?  . 
while using it she would always push random buttons on her phone or hand up on people . 
not my choice at all since i love to cook ,  but hey who am i to judge . 
this dongle barely functions with the vzw samsung galaxy nexus . 
i also bought num_num qts one for bigger jobs a few years ago ,  which has been equally good . 
i wish i could buy one of these things and it would just work . 
we purchased the first num_num years ago and used it twice daily ,  sometimes three times daily . 
charged it for whole day ,  put in the phone still have no juice . 
my only good vac was the upright that s cordless . 
today august of num_num i cancelled my account for the game . 
i am disappointed in kong for allowing this toy . 
very disappointing . i d never tried a gloria jean brand coffee before and now i m nervous to try another . 
it s the perfect size for most of your needs . 
it s such a simple design flaw and i hope amazon fixes it soon . 
after reading bundles of stuff about juice extractors ,  i bought my very first one . 
i received this dyson vacuum as a gift when we moved into our new home . 
i read a lot of reviews of these . 
the shaver works but after almost num_num months of trying out many blades i gave up . 
i bought these lip stains   well ,  thats what it says  and their awful . 
i purchased this item at my local dick s sporting goods . 
none of this two k cups to get the cup filled !  . 
because there is a lot of greased parts ,  you can t dunk any of the parts in hot soapy water . 
it has better volume than any headset i have tested . 
let s cut to the chase :  my dog hated this . 
i know it is my fault for not checking them out when i got them . 
the machine is easy to assemble and disassemble . 
so ,  bad i found it impossible to finish the beverage . 
i think things look good in num_extend on the table . 
it does not work it does not work . 
i then added shamrock and turquoise to my collection . 
i bought it for my thin damaged hair but it just softened it a bit . 
i have the latest model and this is for previous model . 
how can a group so focuced on realism not add more speed is beyond me . 
i live with num_num long haired cats and a long haired dog . 
it just doesn t hold the heat evenly or continuously . 
these bowls deserve five stars for their quality . 
this is the pan i prefer for high heat searing . 
i will come home from work and have no internet connection until i unplug the router . 
here s the best part :  the phone is also a modem . 
the num_num blue lights reveal the charge level it holds . 
it s edible ,  but so are some varieties of garbage ,  not recommended . 
please change it back !  not sure why company do this . 
this is not specific to over num_num either . 
the kids licked off the icing and then proclaimed they didn t want any more . 
they re black with dirt ,  but still run as quietly as when they were new . 
very powerful so keep it in the cup or you will get to clean up a mess . 
well this year they fixed it and there are no complaints about ncaa . 
i even tried blending with lactose free vanilla ice cream and whipping it up into a frothy shake . 
if you follow the directions ,  you should not need the other . 
don t go for plastic ones ,  they don t last long and tend to get stained . 
i m about a year in on my grinder and it is the best i have used . 
if you want a firm solid shoe you found it . 
this causes one to loose complete control of the press as it spins in the hand . 
my all clad can t make the same claim and they cost a bunch more as we all know . 
i think for the price amazon offers it  after rebate  you have a hard time finding a better bargain . 
this silicone case provides protection of the camera and prevents the screen from touching a surface it s placed on . 
well crafted appliance ,  with an easy clean up and its a work horse . 
it s not a boom box ,  but for normal listening it is quite fine and the tonal quality is excellent . 
i also put mini colored marshmallows on the turrets . 
still trying to work out how to get this fixed . 
this cabinet is everything the product description says it is and more . 
the cutouts for volume ,  camera ,  power ,  microusb port ,  headphone jack ,  mic ,  camera lens ,  and speaker are spot on perfect . 
out of the box ,  it s easy to setup . 
also ,  this product made my face even drier  really weird  . 
so useless on two fronts . why not make a smaller one for small dogs ?  ?  . 
you must do levels in a certain order to get all the armor pieces . 
the dust is sucked right in and doesn t push the dust around like other vacuums . 
it fits very well ,  and i received it on time . 
the first time i ordered this ,  it arrived shattered in a million pieces . 
i carry many portable devices and sometimes i m away from the office or home all day long . 
the fm radio is nice and easy to change to . 
i had no trouble with sticking and it cleaned up quick and easy . 
i really don t have any use for it so i can t give any review on it . 
one word of caution ,  do not put the fat stopper in your dishwasher . 
i have a couple left out of the entire bag . 
this cuisinart is one of the best things i have ever purchased for my kitchen . 
now i have food to contribute to the local food pantry . 
i ve been using it for one day ,  doing some basic shopping and throwing and the handle is lose . 
at num_extend it won t charge larger devices as quickly  nexus num_extend galaxy note num_num etc .  .   ,  but will still work . 
have to write too much to leave a review . 
at any rate ,  i use it often enough that i have decided to replace it . 
i was so excited about this product and when i received it i was in shock . 
i purchased the router and ran through an initial configuration . 
i bought this to work with a palm num_extend years ago . 
i tried every way i could to gently lift it off until the back of my phone cracked . 
i love everything about the bowl; the size ,  the shape; the feel; and especially the color . 
i was looking for another krups ,  when this caught my eye . 
with an case on the iphone tooooo tight . 
the product is fairly silent when in operation . 
i own two radio shack  optimus brand  radios that i ve owned num_num years and are close to wearing out . 
they arrive in three layers . first layer is removed to adhere it onto your screen . 
i love being able to bake up healthy tacos with ease . 
the vent mount is sturdy with very little wobble and holds my phone tightly . 
i have several speaker stands in different rooms ,  and these are the best . 
if you turn it off ,  very hard to synch up to laptop again . 
what else could you sear num_num num_num ounce ribeye steaks together in ?  . 
worked great ,  tasted as good as what comes out of my whirley pop stovetop popper . 
a roleplaying game ,  which consists of walking around and asking people things . 
i have played every previous grand theft auto release before this . 
i ve used other tweezerman products that i ve liked so trusted the name brand . 
anyone want a brush ?  hahaha lol other than that love spornette brand . 
the only other thing that they really need is a small num_extend quart  sauce pan . 
the quality isn t perfect ,  but better quality screens will cost you a lot more . 
it contains a boatload of fiber ,  but there s something in it that causes gas issues . valuetough to say . 
the jabra will also tell you the battery life via voice . 
right away ,  the phones exhibited a major problem staying connected to the verizon network . 
he tried it and really liked it as well . 
the handles have oxo s trademark sticky rubber grips that make holding the cups easy . 
no effect whatsoever . the listing says it was discontinued . 
i use a long brush i ve had until i get to home depot to find better ones . 
so you can t use your existing decora wall plate . 
i had purchased similar cutting boards in the past . 
i do note most of my problems have been with the fuji tapes . 
the sole fell off the shoe today june num_extend num_extend
i travel quite a bit for work and possess many devices for which the battery is coming in handy . 
it was improperly threaded and wouldn t even screw on . 
only one piece and they keep the air out . 
this planetarium is just a light bulb which reflects a black shadow with barely visible names on your ceiling . 
it is light ,  easy to empty and clean the filter . 
i haven t put it in the freezer ,  but it microwaves just fine . 
this headset easily connects to my iphone and my computer for wireless music and telephone calls . 
this charger broek within two days of getting and no help on returning it for it being falty . 
however ,  boos makes such a variety of boards ,  i wish i had room for a few different ones . 
num_num stars because the quality is fairly cheesy . 
they are totally fake locations and done so poorly that you can t even recognize where they re supposed to be . 
my biggest complaint is they break after num_num use ,  on average . 
i got them ,  of course ,  so i can clip my hair into a topknot and play samurai sushi cook . 
with this being stainless steel ,  it should serve us for years to come . 
it has a low price and is very comfortable to use . 
makes the perfect pizza . i bought this hoping to make a perfect pizza right away and it didn t happen . 
these are indeed very sharp and will give a nice clean cut . 
i used a flat edged cookie sheet to slide the paper and stromboli onto once it was fully baked . 
the fact that you can use it for bluetooth is a plus also . 
it does what it is supposed to do ,  allow conversations ,  and does that very well . 
this mower is for people who love grass . 
nice tight lid and stackable in the fridge . 
the radio is functional ,  but you may be able to purchase a better crank emergency radio . 
when i mean by fit s perfect ,  it means that there isn t any space on the inside . 
go with bontrager if you can ,  never had an issue . 
i will say ,  this press is one of the best you can buy . 
with num_num some odd hours of service on a charge i do not see any problems with that plan . 
my cuisinart is num_num years old and still working . 
there is no option to get a replacement .  .  . just an option to send them back . 
works like a charm every time and is a snap to clean !  . 
you ll never wear it out ,  can t say that about much these days . 
they claim the sensation cannot run sense num_extend
i read all the reviews about how great this mascara is . 
also didn t pick up my voice well and battery life wouldn t make it full day for me . 
these bowls are durable ,  heavy and the perfect size for what i needed . 
now i am down loading counter strike in which i already installed . 
the new trent icruiser num_extend is a quality product . 
there s not much to say about substance other than that it s .  .  . pointless . 
these will be miserable at any temperature over about num_extend
it amplifies the speakers quite well on my husbands num_extend
it has a good alarm sound . we just made a turkey with it last night and it was absolutely perfect . 
the case itself was nicked ,  but the phone was fine . 
i m going to stick with eucalyptus oil and tea tree oil for my dog . 
it seems pretty well shielded from computer noise ,  especially on am . 
after using it for a few hours it starts to really get itchy . 
saves a lot of counter space and cools the cookies quickly !  . 
i measured myself and got num_num inches ,  so per directions ,  went up to num_extend
i like the fact that each cup is very hot and fresh . 
they don t tend to pick up flavors ,  are great in teflon ,  very rigid for scraping and last like crazy . 
kind of flopped around at a variable distance from my ear . 
the good news is that s it s compact and comes with a nice aerator head for the faucet . 
for what you get in the box ,  they are expensive ,  but most gf products are . 
we love the robust feel of these style of glasses . 
the copper tip is as long as a steak is thick . 
i had it put together and in the box in no time . 
i use this machine several times a day ,  and each time it is a treat . 
i m not crazy ,  my wife experienced this too . 
i wish i d bought another on online and probably will . 
the containers become little bombs in the microwave and knock themselves over . 
on purpose ! heaven help you if you have a power failure . 
i figured for $ this would be no great shakes but it s a very well built little pitcher . 
just use a bit of common sense .  .  . people  :   . 
i also have a pair of philips noise canceling buds ,  similar price . 
do you want to be aluminum free but propolyne tainted ?  not me . 
i still think this is a great crock pot . 
i whipped up homemade pizza dough in about num_num minutes ,  including the kneading time . 
i purchased these blades from mg electronics via amazon . 
on the sides of the headphones ,  it looks as if there are actual speakers projecting out . 
there are many other versions of the samsung num_extend but the other phones are made a little different . 
it can go from the microwave to the table . 
fits over the ear comfortably ,  holds the samsung securely just like the original did . 
thus its up to use to make sure we check the ingredients list . 
i have not use it for anything else yet . 
oh well ,  at least gopro accessories are relatively cheap !  hope this helps save someone some $
uppy devoured in less than num_num minutesthrew away not worth the risk . 
i was intrigued by these new  flavor enhancers ,   so i took the opportunity to try one out . 
but ,  that is very painful to the toes . 
won t use any other type again !  i highly recommend !  . 
to measure or not to measure that is the question . 
i agree with other reviewers that if you love vanilla fragrances ,  you can t get better than this . 
after the sweet smell is gone ,  i m left with a stink of alcohol . 
my hair grew so much i had to make frequent hair appts to keep it trimmed and maintained . 
i ve been using this to bake sweets but mostly chicken breast and fish . 
in this case though they may look cool ,  but do not drive or operate any equipment while wearing them . 
it gets stuck in between the layers of the yellow section and it s really hard to clean . 
the spout can be a little sloppy on pouring so pour slowly to avoid spills . 
i do find myself using this toaster oven every day . 
when i got the num_extend generation kindle mostly all books  not counting text books  were $ or less . 
sorry degree ,  but i just don t think this was that much better . 
i was a bit concerned when a bit of the trim became loose so i cut that trim off . 
the hot chocolate pot ,  however ,  had settlement on the bottom and that kept getting thicker and thicker . 
besides ,  uou must wear a face mask to use it . 
i followed the instructions to a t !  don t wast your money . 
this is practical ,  of a good quality and priced well . 
i m actually quite shocked at how bad this product is for curly hair . 
always remember to clean your screen and change your protector is a lint free area . 
the plus i ll give this timer is that the magnet on the back is indeed strong . 
and i only received them monday and the color is coming off the one i am using . 
i glued it back on but it does not look the same . 
they are going above and beyond to resolve the situation . 
almost num_num weeks after the other case i ordered at the same time . 
the shape is stable but looks a bit unstable . 
we bought this about num_num months ago and it s been worthless . 
this is a great cover for the iphone . 
forget these overrated monster cables and find a different manufacturer . 
i never was able to figure out why . 
one use and in the garbage can it goes . 
the texture is just right when its finished . 
this charger glows solid yellow while charging and slowly goes to a solid green color at full charge . 
not a big deal but still it shouldn t have happened . 
this purse looked % better on the photos . 
she has gorgeous wavy hair  and wants a straightener  . 
but thats what happens if you want an extended battery . 
it seemed to be functioning correctly ,  but when i stopped to check ,  both garlic cloves were virtually untouched . 
the sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static . 
this kettle heats water in a matter of seconds and you absolutely can t beat the price . 
i tried a few other products and after a short time the same thing happened . 
it has a large compartment where i can place several cloves at once . 
this is my first review after using amazon for many years . 
this is one really good looking hook ,  and sturdy too . 
mainly the indoor picture quality is the worst . 
don t waste your time or money on this item !  . 
nice ,  sturdy ,  strong beer mugs with a nice design . 
i have used this lense about num_num times . 
it didn t swish when i shook it ,  so i thought i was good to go . 
it was not worth the money i spent . 
for example i buy chicken in large quantities when it is on sale ,  and grind it up . 
i was really rooting for this clipper though . 
this review is for the sausage stuffer attachment ,  not the grinder attachment . 
to my surprise ,  none of my three pekingese would even touch it . 
however ,  he has exhibited no improvement and cries more now that the diffuser is plugged in . 
i do this to avoid overloading my hair with product . 
i wouldn t have minded a retry system for bosses . 
i bought this to cut out the back bone of a turkey . 
i work as a chef and this is the mandoline of choice . 
the window fan works great and it s not too loud so i had no problem falling asleep . 
i m guessing that mason jars aren t quite the standard in germany though . 
the grill side is even worse and it s very difficult to clean . 
it was super easy to assemble !  very roomy ,  and much sturdier than i expected for plastic . 
this is not worth the cost ,  it does make sounds but if you have a chewer don t get this . 
i love how big swirls you can get with these tips . 
once the initial thrill is gone ,  however ,  it just gets terribly monotonous . 
the sound quality is superb ,  and the functions are outstanding . 
i also like how it it can rotate num_num degrees and can move up ,  down ,  in ,  and out . 
one can not beat good stainless steal to cook with and ease of cleaning . 
im going to stick to my smart water ,  cliff bars ,  luna bars ,  and pickles  yes ,  i said pickles  . 
i have a num_extend siamese and he used it without any num_extend
without the skin ,  the display has a very smooth ,  glass surface . 
the usb cable that comes with this is very cheap and not name brand at all . 
if not ,  i wouldn t waste a dime on this particular vibrator . 
the tale had been around almost as long as time itself . 
i was looking for a new spatula and noticed that america s test kitchen recommended this brand . 
what s neat is the way they have affixed the wires to the handle . 
great case for work and not very bulky . 
since it s lacking in preservatives ,  the sauce doesn t last as long as store bought  and it s a quart  . 
what s great is if you own the cuisinart num_extend stock pot ,  the lid works on the skillet as well . 
no fade outs ,  no problems . worn properly ,  these interfere with my glasses a bit . 
it does not come with the bubble card to get air bubbles out of the way . 
the mirror finish is great other than that . 
my husband and i are in the kitchen all the time . 
i had my wife double check the blocks just to make sure . 
unfortunately ,  i can t justify the purchase of this for several reasons . 
i ve used this product for a while and actually just purchased a second and one for a friend . 
people are not satisified with the quality of ice cream offered . 
i just used what i had on hand ,  but this works great . 
all these problems get worse if it is not on a completely flat surface . 
all controls function correctly and audio is clear . 
i have had mine num_extend cup version i . e . 
this is a toy bag for kids at the most . 
only saeco and hamilton beach make espresso machines in the usa ,  and both brands have terrible reviews . 
i also don t have to worry when grandchildren come to visit . 
i had just about decided that chopping vegetables two knives held in one hand is most efficient . 
in order to avoid having soft ,  untoasted sections ,  i have to char others . 
after about another three ,  i just put on another one from the packet and we re good as new . 
i have replaced this with several franmara capitano waiter s corkscrew and couldn t be happier . 
they have dropped their iphone num_extend numerous times . 
this item arrived in a matter of days . 
for me ?  it works no better than a couple drops of baby oil . 
the plastic handles on the lid and the pan itself stay fairly cool under most stovetop conditions . 
this a great made in usa cooking twine . 
i puchased this shoe and found that one shoe was smaller than the other . 
they adhere to your phone screen really well and last a long time . 
my wife used this product one time and declared that she hated it and would neve use it again . 
if i had it in another room i would use it . 
in addition to the organic evaporated cane juice there is also organic molasses . 
all it is is terrible american popular music ,  and that disappointed me highly . 
it may be useful for people with dogs , but i do not advisebuying it for cats !  . 
i like it lots better than the hot air poppers . 
it is amazing how many horrible can openers there are . 
that part which handles the commuting and travel mechanics ,  allowing a wide array of  transportation  simulations . 
apparently he had eaten one of those ,  too . if you want a squeaky toy ,  buy the squirrels . 
it worked in the card reader ,  but then i had trouble getting it to work again in the camera . 
lo and behold ,  they have updated it ,  and not at all in a good way . 
this is the set of dishes that mom bought before her death . 
but i think my favorite part was that amazonbasics is very easy to open . 
but for me ,  it smelled terrible and didn t work that well . 
avoid . palm num_extend soon to be discontinued color palm . 
pants were very big on me and the material was not soft . 
i proudly claimed my prize and took it home . 
i don t know how i made do all these years without a num_extend skillet . 
now she won t even play with it because of the sound . 
i ll be shopping for it in other colors !  . 
it did not live up to what it was supposed to do . 
that s just about how long i got good service from it . 
his attitude was the smell will go away . 
one neat feature is the blue glowing emblem; futuristic looking . 
perfect for cooking for one or two people or for side dishes . 
that being the case ,  they still decided to change what you use as the  fire  button . 
i have to remove to get into the case . 
i suppose it works but i didn t like it !  take with enough food and it s okay . 
i think i ve only opened the kickstand twice .  .  .  . both times ,  my fingernails almost came off . 
yes it gets the hair off your pet . 
however ,  should you feel safer using one ,  foil does serve as an appropriate placement . 
how do i describe this drink ?  nasy and sweet tasting . 
it gets into all the crevices and cleans very well . 
definitely recommend that you go with something that straps around your hand and wrist . 
it s hot on the tongue and has a nice bite in the back of your throat . 
this set offers all the right size baking dishes ,  plus a pie pan and measuring cup . 
its worth spending more on a better qaulity headphones if you want quality . 
in low power the noise is not as bad ,  and this is the primary setting i keep it on . 
a very well made and easy to use cookie cutters . 
i didn t get what picture and ingredients showed . 
i would definitely recommend this case to anyone with a droid x . 
not much to say there . graphics and soundgraphics are reminiscent of another gameboy title ,  golden sun . 
i didn t like the way the credit card sleeves were laid out and there was no zippered compartment . 
two level options are included  high and low  ,  choose which one is right for you . 
they nest perfectly and look nice enough to use as servingware . 
this set replaced a bunch of plastic storage containers . 
all i can say about the pot is that it makes an excellent cup of coffee in num_num minutes . 
i just like to bake for fun and try new recipes . 
it s very easy to adjust the angle and switch a phone from portrait to landscape . 
the flashlight button pushed in and will not pop out . 
the wii has its ups ,  and its downs ,  but for me personally ,  it has been a disappointment . 
i just got this headset from best buy . 
issue number two ,  the smell ,  not so great . 
it is smaller than most sets i have seen in the store . 
you can find one for a good num_num dollars at any local store . 
i ve used other products before the glass one as well . 
so you would think it would certainly be compatible with the same brand linksys num_extend num_extend
my family loves mashed potatoes and when i make them i make a lot . 
for the first few days ,  i was rinsing in the morning and at night . 
my advice is to spend a little more money and get a better product . 
the sides fold around which makes the grater very sturdy . 
he doesn t even care about the toy inside the hole . 
at the end of the year goodbye sega . 
on the edgecraft num_extend the crumbs fall directly down onto a clear plastic tray that comes with the product . 
i only used num_num times to time boiling eggs . 
silicone fights back ,  more than any other material ,  rubber perhaps excepted . 
but the  level bosses   fights that you must complete to move on  are terribly designed . 
we now have that problem solved ,  but there are other problems with this grinder . 
both are onyx black . i do prefer the one pictured .  .  . i purchased at target . 
also just like in midway s other games when you shoot the puck smoke comes out of it . 
by the way this one sold by amazon llc . 
to buy this screen from china you need to pay a transfer bank fee and shipping . 
it has a nice smooth feel and it fits nicely on my phone . 
way to ruin something as simple as almond butter by adding in food allergens . 
i guess there is a reason why they are just referred to as  microplanes  on tv ,  instead of graters . 
if that was what it was advertized for i d give it num_num or num_num stars . 
after purchasing this brand and type of airtight jars . 
this charger works fine ,  does the job ,  would recommend . 
as i love stong ,  tasty tea ,  i started by using one lipton iced tea gallon size tea bag . 
not when we can make them to order at home . 
its upper iron comes down and you flip it over to lock the two irons together . 
the glasses are way too short ,  so just use some work ones . 
it went right in and immediately went into car mode . 
it eventually failed to charge at all after about a year of very moderate use . 
it felt so nice and made the job easy ,  but now it wobbles . 
which does not make it a bad product .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . the product makes it a bad product . 
it did not make my lashes grow longer or thicker at all . 
a leap or rapid claws sharpening tug can topple even if installed by a carpenter !  do not buy . 
not worth it ,  i put it in the product in the sun so it charges up . 
the central area is strong and holds my heaviest knife  a meat cleaver  with no problem . 
in just a few hours the seller contacted me again to tell me everything had been handled . 
the other issue is the size of the iphone and battery when connected . 
go to google and type armish leg cramps ,  and you will find it . don t take quinine if you are driving . 
instead ,  perhaps you could try the natural weleda or california baby lotions . 
lost one the same day worn because the should ve come with stompers for the back of the earrings . 
i am glad that i didn t pay for it because i would have felt like a sucker . 
i am buying a house and i bought this because of price . 
however ,  i wouldn t trade comfort for smaller handles . 
it whips up dough and cookie batters effortlessly . 
i would definitely recommend it to a friend . 
i wish i d gone with the tinkerbell or penguin game instead . 
i also like it for melting cheese on toast . 
this is by far the most comfortable and easiest to use . 
i also like that it includes a battery life indicator with the press of a button . 
i love how you can break the waffle into four squares for freezing and popping into the toaster . 
works with my two plantronics bluetooth earpieces ,  as well as all the phones listed above . 
only one still works after a year  not this one  . 
the machine is easy . with a three position switch you can choose off ,  steam or coffee . 
quality product that wouldnt hesistate to buy again . 
didn t interfere with headphone jack ,  charging port ,  silent switch ,  or any of the buttons . 
this is durable and does a great job steaming . 
the additional info on cleaning is particularly helpful . 
her mouth was bleeding a little from it being stuck in there . 
my wife used one of these at a friends house and came back specifically asking for this one . 
i use it in my htc glacier which is an android phone . 
this stuff has a long lasting chemical stink . 
especially when their purple square always strangles the living snot out of my green dot . 
these bowls have a very useful and deep shape to them . 
i was able to use them correctly and they were able to protect my samsung galaxy num_extend phone . 
it is the absolute worst conditioner i have ever used . 
i could barely manage to get this scope to zero .  .  . hopefully it holds . 
this creates a good texture ,  and makes the bars slightly crunchy . 
having to stop the bike at every turn and pull out the phone from my pack was time consuming . 
it is not really scalloped in the center above the tummy the way the photo suggests . 
just wish i was able to find bigger sizes to come in the set as well . 
i was out and about ,  thirsty ,  and stopped into a nutrition s mart to buy coconut water . 
my son still loves them but we can t actually do anything with them . 
i think i paid under $ for it but don t quote me . 
after more than num_num years ,  it finally died . 
 florida  i have taken that for num_num years . 
he has been using it daily since !  and anytime we have company he makes them coffee from this . 
this design is perfect !  i recommend one for every kitchen . 
stays securely connected to the computer and phone . 
finally managed in safe mode to figure out what was causing it and deleted the stupid thing . 
does not really stick and peels off very easily . 
nothing worse than having a brand new phone die on you because of a power spike on the line !  . 
my previous speaker was a goalzero unit i bought for $
if it weren t for that ,  i would love this case . 
other than that ,  it functions perfectly and exceeded our expectations for a reasonably priced charger . 
playing flac files doesn t strain the phone . awesome !   it s nice to have the num_num gb limit for micro sd cards . 
you go from tension to repetition and repetition kills tension . 
guess we just need to work harder at getting them to turn it off before walking away !  . 
what you don t know will drastically hurt your coffee flavor . 
when we applied it they acted like it didn t even bother them . 
i have had three other indoor grills so far ,  two of which costed more than the delonghi . 
i don t use my old alarm clock any more , just my droid . 
functional ,  good grind range ,  reasonably quiet ,  love the look . 
i tried using the mix to make kettle corn in my stainless steel popper ,  but it wasn t great either . 
it fits very well and doesn t move around a lot . 
it remains incredibly sharp and friction free when slicing . 
this is supposed to help with rosacea ,  it didn t do anything if anything it made it worse . 
i was expecting them to taste just like the frozen morning star farms links . 
first of all ,  the product was postage due . 
and you may not be the only one who uses the headphone . 
add more water before switching to this hook . 
lots of options for timing ,  although i haven t tried to delay the baking of the loaf yet . 
these spoons are easy to hold and use . 
with very little effort it looks like great effort was taken . 
don t understand why the crap out so easily ,  but be advised that you are taking a chance . 
these sponges arrived in a completely unmarked plain brown box . 
i m going to try and get a refund . 
now that i m older and have much more frequent sports injuries i sought out this product . 
she s about average height ,  and she has trouble touching the ground when she s on it . 
they love the original sorry but this version was just not appealing to them . 
it s also much easier to clean in my opinion . 
i m still using the one that came with my notebook . 
when i go swimming i generally grab my phone ,  drivers license ,  a credit card and keys to the car . 
this coffee grinder is just perfect for my needs . 
the thickness of the resulting discs is perfect to hold the fillings for these dishes . 
so i guess it was just the batch of women s levi s that were bad . 
this is a one trick pony htat will take up a lot of space for little use . 
as he is the one that does the cooking of breakfast . 
we got this last year for my daughter . 
if you re too far ,  you don t feel like you re getting enough steam . 
for those of you without metal oven doors like me ,  it rests nicely on the countertop . 
i ve bought a lot of linksys products over time and always liked them . 
but alas ,  this supplement didn t alleviate any of my symptoms . 
my cat loves the original catdancer .  .  .  . i have several . 
after initial application i removed it and threw it away . waste of money . 
it also left my hair feeling like straw ,  and i had very healthy hair to begin with . 
but ,  how easy it makes preparing meat and foul . 
very cheap !  i ve never used the case but it appears to be durable . 
first time i used this the screw bent ,  though i filled it at an odd angle . 
i didn t want to believe previous reviewers about the durability being poor but it s true . 
the quality of this oven exceeded my expectations ,  and my expectations were high . 
my only complaint is that it won t side sideways along side the board for storage . 
all are very comfortable except for this model . 
you cannot return these type of items for a refund . 
i love that i can start things out on the stove and then finish in the oven . 
the soap was wrapped in disgusting butcher paper . 
the num_num watt selection will heat up a room in short order . 
just put in the microwave with a paper towel draped over the top so it does not splatter . 
and the glass broke and was creeping forward in the window . 
but right now i am sorry i bought a quantity of this soup . 
the physics in the game are pretty bad ,  even for a dated game . 
overall ,  this is a very rugged case ,  and really protected my phone to the max . 
i realize that it s called  sweet  n  spicy ,  but it wasn t spicy at all . 
it is made of plastic ,  but it does not feel flimsy . 
i have a great dane .  .  . and this thing doesn t do anything to stop him when he barks . 
if you are like me ,  you have an ever growing collection of usb devices . 
i called presto and ordered a replacement drip pan for $ including shipping . 
problem was ,  that after just one look ,  i knew that they were not for me . 
mostly not licorice ,  if you wand licorice avoid this mix . 
they are heavier than i expected ,  a little thicker than i imagined they would feel . 
i am awaiting a refund for this item . 
but the flip side is that you would like to keep it on ,  while on your ear . 
there is no more economical food saving device in existance . 
so while being cheap ,  i thought it was worth a chance ,  it wasn t . 
it s as hot as boiling water; however it evaporates quickly leaving the floors to dry very quickly . 
i loved it until it leaked hot water all over my countertop . 
all metal construction ,  and a box of num_num costs less than just one of these plastic clips . 
over time ,  taking it on and off will likely stretch it out . 
num_num bucks worth of product stretched as far as it will go . 
has a nice feel and look and works just like it claims to do . 
however ,  my breasts were far apart ,  creating a strange silhouette under my shirt . 
and despite paying a much higher price for this product on that assertion . 
what a disappointment ,  this stuff tastes absolutely awful . 
they arrived very quickly as i live in illinois where they are made . 
i bought num_num and would buy more if i had more need . 
not a big deal ,  but somewhat of a pain . 
no more forced updates sony !  !  ! i want to play games ,  not download pointless updates !  !  !  !  !  . 
i got them out this morning after a rainy night and put them on over my shoes . 
the double boiler worked well though ,  so no harm done . 
it scratches very easily when compared with other brands that i have used . 
i got this for my husband because he is rough on his stuff . 
oh ,  and they happen to do a great job of peeling oranges . 
with the great reviews i ordered the gogroove num_extend
i like the bags because you don t have to measure and cut ,  and only have to seal one side . 
there is a learning curve in using this phone s features and the shortcut keys . 
i almost ripped it just putting int on . 
to keep the peace ,  i decided i d better get another one . 
the best change from the orginal game besides the save game is there is no enemy respawn . 
i have received this sun product in a sun kit i got online . 
the bodum coffee was a lot hotter ,  had better body and flavor ,  and was done a lot num_extend
after observing this i also compared the lighting charger with this charger as well with my ipad num_extend
my toddler received this for christmas and ever since he never pays any attention to it . 
i was advised to switch to a ceramic heat emitter which emits no light which i have since done . 
needless to say ,  i was pretty disappointed that the price paid did not reflect a better cup of coffee . 
this would make the volume and sound reproduction infinitely greater . 
the handles are pom synthetic which is good for sanitation . 
i regard this limitation as a worthwhile tradeoff for eggs perfectly cooked to my doneness preference . 
they fall apart when using them in such a few minutes of scrubing with the pad it fell apart . 
and the noise is deafening because it is so strong . 
i love this case and it arrived on time . 
considering i live in mn it isn t always mostly though  feasible to grill outside during the winter . 
that means the actual capacity is more like num_num mah . 
make sure you have a level and pencil for the job . 
wish i had bought something like this a long time ago . 
i feel like its honestly better than a lot of cases out there . 
i have had this for about num_num weeks and already it has stopped working . 
i m pleasantly surprised and have been using it for months without any problems . 
i also use it as a cheese knife as well . 
the recommendation of using only a drop of the product is surprisingly true . 
it is very close to impossible to insert in the ball . 
put your lids and rims into hot water then pick them out . 
def try a small bag first to see who you agree with . 
the graphics suck ,  the sounds are cheap ,  and the whole game itself is all around cheesey . 
this one read about num_num degrees lower than the hg standard . 
this is the best bench rest i ve used so far this year . 
the error messages are gone ,  but so s the icon for the utility ,  so i still can t program my mouse . 
its simple enough for kids and fun to use . 
this is a gift for my young granaughter that loves all creatures ,  big and small . 
when opener does engage to open a can ,  the opener is under num_extend
its okay though ,  it still fits ,  works good . 
this is as described but for some reason ,  i was still expecting it to be a little larger . 
i loved that it held music ,  and that you could listen to your music while drawing . 
it s about num_num years old now and cranking along . 
i should have looked at dimension before i purchased . 
some of the other chargers have tiny lights that are only visible from one side . 
if you tap on the screen ,  the accuracy is not there at all . 
looks nice and has a nice velvet pouch to keep it in . 
you can reuse these discs but you can also reuse rocks . 
they weren t that good ,  it was kinda tough to get them to fly properly . 
we had taco salad night for the first time using these pans and they far exceeded my expectations . 
i have slender cabinets ,  so sometimes finding under shelf products to fit can be difficult . 
result on a beige carpet is a number of ground in dirt spots of various descriptions . 
maybe my daughter was too old for this when i bought it at num_num months . 
i cannot see how you could go wrong with these wonderful stoppers . 
did the seller imagine that i would just shrug off $ like it was nothing ?  . 
i bought these several months ago and i am very satisfied . 
i see these in the mall for num_num bucks . 
the characters are rather boring as well ,  and the story is cliche . 
don t buy this set ,  spend money on a better product . 
i sometimes get notes from my cat steve regarding his food ,  litter ,  toys etc . 
i did not like this product because it left residue in my hair . 
this player ,  for a lack of better words .  .  .  . sucks . 
i love corelle have for years ,  it is soooooo versatile . 
the cup shape is slightly tapered which facilitates using them as scoops . 
these cases are worth about $ each tops . 
they have a slight greenish sheen to the recordable side of the disc ,  and that is what you want . 
none of them apply the product as well as the good ones . 
the screws go into metal threads that are drilled into the wood pieces . 
the positive reviews are probably due to people who bought into all the  premium  talk . 
out of the box ,  the finish does not resemble  stainless steel  . 
pour the broth mixture into the separator  following all instructions carefully  . 
it had good reviews  thanks amazonians !   ,  and cost a bit less than similar grills i saw while browsing . 
i didn t need the adapters since this plugged directly into the three pin post on my motherboard . 
both my husband and i have the iphone num_extend
after that ,  every time one of us walked by ,  it started babbling . 
i would like it better if they could increase the battery life . 
no doubt ,  this manufacture was trying to make a product to help people but it does not work . 
i have bought these for years and use them for wet and dry storage . 
i used it three different times and didn t work . 
i have a bunch of inexpensive earrings ,  necklaces and bracelets that i rotate through everyday . 
okay ,  if you are a health nut or vegan ,  or into organics ,  this is for you . 
the anchor measuring cup was more suitable for my needs . 
it is great for meatloaf no more soggyness . 
i used to buy wooden racks which would last a year if i m lucky . 
i m going to return this as defective and try something else . 
the grounds overflow into the cup the filter sits in and residue gets into the coffee . 
on mine ,  the head would not fully pop out . 
i purchased this sim card on amazon because they were $ in the stores . 
i have had this lens and have used it maybe num_extend the lens will not focus ,  makes clicking noises . 
shipping does take time ,  but you know that going in if you ve read the product description . 
in his video  rubbed anywhere except the eyes . 
no one knows i am on a headset . 
i purchased this from a local drug store . 
so these pills did cause me a bit of stomach upset . 
they come from the factory with a pretty good edge ,  better than most any inexpensive knife . 
these are by far my favorite wireless headphones ,  i take these everywhere ,  almost everyday . 
a very ,  very disappointing showing for a franchise that was once so revered . 
to my iphone s credit ,  it has survived without damage all three times !  but . 
and for those users ,  the complaint that i have is probably simply a minor annoyance . 
but you need to dry the pasta sheets somewhat before you cut them . 
have had this thing for months and overall am not pleased with it . 
i shiver at the thought ,  remembering when i last used this product . 
i don t have the time for a return so i guess i m stuck smelling like a creamcicle !  sucks !  . 
i bought the fry pan thinking it would attach like the num_num liter mug . 
since i had to pay for shipping ,  i ordered a couple boxes . 
it s water resistant and my old one was good to num_extend
avoid breaking the pot by following the cleaning instructions . 
i literally felt like the stay puff marshmellow man on this product . 
we hit a few good bumps the nothing fell out of it ,  love it . 
i will be buying them again soon since everyone in my family has iphones . 
at this price ,  it is an excellent choice . 
call quality was good ,  battery life was good . the problem with it is the rubber ear hook . 
worked ok for a while then after about num_num months various buttons started malfunctioning . 
i have pots ,  pans ,  dutch ovens ,  a coffee grinder and more cast iron . 
the first pair were damaged ,  the rayban box they came in was damaged ,  but not the outside box . 
i read many reviews on several tumbler brands . 
i have had mine for about a year and a half now . 
this meant one couldn t put anything in the feedtube . 
eventually the gamecube s extensive game play options won me over . 
works great with my  galaxy s num_extend num_extend and num_extend and galaxy note num_extend
the food doen t get burnt and neither do my hands !  would recommend to all good cooks . 
love their clippers ,  but their blades lack quality . 
as long as they keep using perfume in their underwear ,  i will not purchase jockey panties again . 
i started playing sim theme park num_extend back in num_extend
looks good in the picture ,  but when seen with a naked eye .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . yuck .  .  .  .  . just nasty nasty green . 
we really like the handles whichmakes it easy to remove from the oven . 
i was super impressed with this at first . 
this cover is great for what it is designed to protect against . 
shipping cost would be more than price of item . 
yes ,  i ll pay more for quality and for keeping americans  legal americans  working . 
once people find out how great this knife is made ,  it will probably than start selling for more . 
it s been a week and i m still impressed with this item . 
i ve used other products with success but this thing is crap . 
if you like a cocktail at the end of the day these are you best friends . 
i have multiple cats and two refuse to use it . 
it feels better in the hand ,  like more grip . 
this is an easy review because the judgement was made by our two papillons . 
this garmet bag i have all my coats in it and it does it job . 
the top is narrow leaving you no choice but to load the pack in a  tear drop  style . 
a few weeks ago i ordered this stainless one and i couldn t be happier . 
yuck !  but ,  i refuse to pay that much for a new filter for a cheap hand vac . 
the vertical form factor makes it easy to store in a cupboard  small num_extend
these have been packed and moved a couple of times also . 
tasting these reminded me of the old tv commercial :   where s the beef ?   . 
brita ,  i find to be great taste ,  like spring water . 
this leaves a sticky ,  hard hair spray life residue on my hair . 
the first class is a demonstration by the instructor on how to put together a tiered cake . 
i m now a hopeless addict to the power of the shirt . 
do not use any metal utensils or harsh scouring pads on the pan . 
these mice seem to be incompatible with computers now . 
also something i can live with ,  considering the quality and functionality of this product . 
this is the num_extend num_extend filter i m talking about . 
the attachment piece doesn t fit in my iphone so i just unclasped it . 
this is a replacement for one that i broke . 
it worked nicely for the first few months without a lot of noise . 
no one answered the phone at the ralph hagen co on saturday ,  midday . 
it wastes a lot of litter ,  pretty much just indiscriminately scooping everything in it s path into the bin . 
it still smells this way and i ve owned it for a year . 
i put it in upside down and it acts like a dispenser . 
i ve used this product for many years ,  only in the summertime ,  since i work outside . 
after two attempts  long drives  to enjoy this bottle i finally gave it to salvation army . 
despite the bad reviews ,  i had hoped deep down inside this would be a winner . 
i bought this for my iphone num_num and loved it . 
to be sure ,  cast iron does take some special care in cooking ,  cleaning ,  oiling and storage . 
so i guess that part is up to us . 
never the less ,  i decided to give it a try for a few days opting for protection over fashion . 
i ve only had this grinder for three weeks ,  but it sure seems like a winner so far . 
he assured me all would be cured if i d only bathe myself daily in whole milk ,  preferably tuscan . 
i didn t like this product because it came broken . 
i wish i had read all the reviews before i bought this . 
this tastes weird in whatever i out it in . 
loved the color but it doesn t fit an otterbox like you would expect it too . 
not exactly as easy as butter ,  but close to it . 
i soo wish i never tried it !  my hair feels over processed ,  rough ,  dry and generally awful . 
he has a long attention span so i know this is a bad toy . 
it has worked very well ,  better than most plastic swatters that we have had in the past . 
all star qbs throwing balls out of bounds . 
keep in mind that the meal comes with a small packet of dried tofu ,  carrots and spinach topping . 
this is the same brita refil sold in stores and the usual price is between num_num and num_num dollars . 
this item is absolutely dangerous to use on your dog . 
then ,  there can be some valuable family time . 
red mages almost cut it ,  but don t have a lot of hit points . 
i have used it to make coffee with the screen filter provided and it tasted delicious . 
however ,  it s not a problem at work ,  and at home ,  the hub is hidden behind a monitor . 
rotating it from vertical to horizontal format is a snap . 
no ,  they don t make them like that anymore  . 
the man i bought them for doesn t like them . 
i put flour in one ,  and dog treats in the other . 
i ve moved them around about num_num times looking for the sweet spots ,  no luck . 
this is among the best of the oxo tools i ve owned . 
i ve been fortunate and never had to replace any of my pans . 
be careful wiping this thing out though that blade is sharp . 
many professions would complement each other and others would be completely different . 
even if he s wet ,  it doesn t do the job . 
the flexibility makes this an easy cover to get on and off . 
it s held it s shape ,  and looks great !  i would definitely recommend this . 
what can i say ,  you can t beat the price and product works as described . 
however the price has almost doubled since i bought these making them a very expensive proposition . 
it doesn t go over well ,  especially if you re watching someone else play the num_extend
so ,  i ll just keep the physical copy of it and reorder a new copy from online . 
it basically will illuminate a light to advise when the unit needs cleaned with vinegar and water . 
this thing drives me nuts and wish i could get a refund . 
leave it to cuisipro to save my baking station . 
however ,  in practice we rarely use the num_num inch width . 
it provides a great place to locate my cell phone or bluetooth stereo speaker . 
working without issue to charge samsung galaxy num_extend
or at least a case that can carry both the battery and an iphone cable . 
if that is your main issue with the bluetooth headsets ,  then this one is not for you . 
you can also purchase the microfiber rags and the spray bottle here on amazon . 
i would have given this num_num stars ,  but the high price knocked it down to num_extend
update :  last month  january  ,  the machine began to stop without pumping all the water through . 
the professional reviewers gets their games for free . 
looks great on the table and does a good job . 
i drink coffee everyday and this was not cool . 
if the product actually worked as a heating pad would probably be num_num or num_num stars . 
however ,  the num_extend gives a battery indicator on my iphone num_extend
maybe i had a defective one ,  but it also did not suck up the water . 
i don t do much canning ,  but i do store dry goods and liquids in mason jars . 
necessary for the vegan and raw food kitchen . 
i am a professional computer technician and have worked inside pcs for num_num years . 
the warming plate has an auto shut off feature that is convenient . 
the slide out crumb tray is a huge plus . 
it randomly drops the connection with my isp and freezes ,  most of the time needing to be rebooted . 
i adore this crystal and it just gleams with my silver and china . 
the knife is durable and i plan on using this knife for many years to come . 
num_num stars are just because they are easy and edible . 
i like being able to prop up the phone on my night stand . 
if a product has any small issue ,  it tends to get under my skin . 
it s a decent size and perfect for what i need it for . 
my issue with the pot is a personal one . 
i had no idea it would be so beautiful . 
the barn doors didn t make noises when they were opened . 
you could potentially use it to mix and knead cookie and bread dough . 
i would never buy a waver like this one again . 
recommended by consumer reports so i got it for my kitchen and bathroom faucets . 
after losing my first one due to a housefire i was again rewarded when my second one arrived . 
they are a great color of blue ,  the pink flowers are more pink than shown . 
i love the style of the mugs and know from past experience the durability of the product . 
i decided not to use it at the risk of damaging my equipment . 
it sits there like a little coffee pond . 
i guess i m the one who deserves the num_num star rating !  . 
i have tested it with bothcanon powershot num_extend grams  andcanon powershot num_extend grams  . 
each time it heated unevenly ,  either one side hard and the other soft or hard all the way around . 
no ironing is needed if removed from the dryer at the end of the permanent press cycle . 
like other reviewers i ve been on somewhat of a search for the holy grail of cheap headphones ,  i . e . 
i had the bubbles right out of the box for the former version . 
overall ,  this sifter is sturdy and carries the oxo name with pride . 
the docs also said nothing about suggestions for improving am receptino . 
i figure i just wasted $ in grass . 
this may work great for those who have an occasional insomnia ,  but not so much in my case . 
not only does it work again ,  but now i don t have to hold it down to keep it going . 
order small and return it if you need to . 
i m going back to carhartt double fronts for my work and tactical wear needs . 
a person relying on this is setting themselves up for a catastrophic disaster . 
this unit has performed above my expectations with every food item i have prepared with it . 
the phone should easily withstand a drop from num_extend
everybody has been thrilled with the ice cream we ve made with it . not cheap but worth it . 
and yes i hit the reset button on the back . 
keep this with the batman dark tomorrow game . 
i thought it would be a friction mat ,  not a highly sticky mat . 
no need to give instructions to the kids . 
she didn t want to purchase a kuerig for work and this items works great for her . 
to me ,  it is definitely more powerful and substantial vacuum than the stick vacuum . 
a few scuffs show up from regular use ,  but nothing of great num_extend
to combat the hormone level drop during  placebo week  in the bcp month . 
she loves strawberry shortcake ,  but this thing just doesn t do it for her . 
you get what you pay for in this instance !  !  !  . 
the only caution i have is that the plastic is really thin . 
the lids fit well and the clamps are not so tight that you feel like the lids might break . 
custom wallpapers ,  ringtones ,  alarm clocks ,  animated screen savers ,  advanced launchers ,  custom security lockout screens and more are available online . 
i ve never had anyone say they can t hear me or that i sound muffled . 
the rayovac s nickel metal hydride  nimh  ,  so it s not toxic waste when spent . 
my home is mostly wood and tile flooring with a few area rugs . 
i live in nh and its dry in the winter . 
i can t even believe that amazon is carrying this item . 
this antenna worked no better than the cheap portable one that came with my miglia tvmini hd . 
would have liked it being easier to remove . 
i started back when the first bt headsets came out . 
this is a great item . the quality is superior and the price is amazing . 
i received a blue one of these for christmas but i broke the pumper so i ordered this one . 
considering what styluses are running stateside ,  these styluses are great . 
the highlights based on owning the black case . 
if you need a spot cordless vacuum ,  look into the eureka num_extend
the knife blade is loose and moves inside the handle . i returned the first knife for replacement . 
i d love to get cobwebs on the ceiling and dust off the fan in the bathroom . 
i am now wary of all kettle products . 
rosle has other versions of this item that will grate more finely . 
the pots are great for sauces ,  soups and anything that requires boiling a large amount of water . 
what s more ,  there was none of the characteristic freshness that  bag  coffee typically has . 
i finally switched over to cisco and its been great . 
these are very nice baskets that i m using in my kitchen . 
too bad burt s bees sold out to clorox . 
i pressed the button on the headset to answer ,  it answered it on my earpiece . 
and i was so happy with it once i did . 
upon opening i found attachment shaft bent and beaters would not stay on shaft as something was missing . 
when moving from our apartment we somehow managed to lose the knife from it . 
i really wanted to find something eco friendly and safe for human use . 
also ,  you can use metal utensils but it will leave very fine scratches . 
in the long run ,  it was more of a bargain than the black and decker . 
i made a test batch as soon as it arrived and the pancakes are adorable . 
i use it on my motorcycle and my phone or gps stays put . 
i can t see the appeal to anyone but the most casual gamer or hardcore horror fan . 
if you aren t a handy person or don t have the tools ,  i would recommend avoiding this poorly designed product . 
the edges are sharp and the piece that holds the neck of the guitars is leaning too far back . 
its a lot better than the ones that don t have no indication lights on it . 
i had this unit for about num_num months . 
num_num watt  candelabra base  incandescent light bulb $
excess fat must be trimmed from steak or the grinder will back up . 
i looked at them at several other sites and amazon beat the prices hands down . 
if you make a lot of stiff doughs ,  this machine will become a num_num lbs paperweight . 
i was able to recharge my nexus num_num completely and still had num_num bars left . 
i do recommend it to sensation num_extend customers . 
think someone installed the wrong jack during manufacture . 
i bought this to steam vegetables and couscous . it worked amazing for both . 
of course ,  i knew this when i bought it ,  but it would ve been a nice feature . 
ive heard raves about how coffee can help reduce eye puffiness and darkness so i gave this a try . 
i didn t like the previous one so i buy this cuz of all the good reviews . 
when learning my trade in paris ,  france ,  i used only the finest sabatier knives . 
it even has some basic timing for foods printed on the base . 
apparently works for some ,  but not for me . 
it left black sections and streaks all over the screen . 
i highly recommend ! update :  after num_num months the cord i used every night to charge my phone quit working . 
this battery lasts about num_num days without being charged . 
these are laundry sheets that you dissolve in the sink water to wash you cloths . 
what works for one person or even most people may not work for you . 
it s small ,  simple to use ,  and effective . the salad spinner consists of three parts . 
this was the best price i could find . 
the shine is not the best i ve ever seen . 
if you leave the sucker running for too long ,  it will hang during download . 
and it will put the cork back in the bottle too . 
it works great and at a great price !  highly recommend . 
the reviews convinced me to give it a try ,  and i m so glad i bought one . 
i have num_num pairs of these and could not cook without them . 
in short ,  this is something anyone can use ,  even if you need instructions to boil water . 
it is made of plastic and can easily slip right through your hands . 
i now have five left for when this one gets scratched . 
it does a fair job on medium oranges ,  and i suspect it will be ok for lemons . 
it s hard to put the plastic chips into the dispenser slot . 
i can t knock the product for that though !  . 
the moon dough feels dry ,  and yet it sticks together and molds . 
disappointing that they turned a good product into a terrible one . 
great product ,  works in my num_num toyota prius . 
my girls keep popping out of the bra ,  every time i move . 
this radio at least had push button tuning ,  but is far larger . 
i kept buying box fans and the motor kept dying on them after only a few months of use . 
get one for yourself and one for a gift . 
i don t know why because the brush head that came with the toothbrush still looks and works fine . 
i ve come across a few people with the same case and the same problems . 
all and all ,  it s a pretty solid holster . 
i prefer thezagg invisibleshield for apple iphone num_num  front  front  . 
where i live we only have a walmart and the do not carry any thing close to this quality . 
the rubber hits the vol and shutter buttons on my lumia num_extend so it requires careful positioning . 
have bought at least four of these from amazon over the years . 
the dress was too big for an american girl doll . 
i wish the seller can read this maybe i still have time to return it . 
we live in tropical humid area where glasses with cold liquids and ice sweat constantly and make a mess . 
you will be amazed at how much dust these will pull out of the air in your home . 
so ,  i don t know if i m given the wrong shirts !  thanks all the same . 
the cutscene outside the bridge of hyrule castle comes to mind here . 
even with all the apps shut down ,  the battery life is only a few hours . 
i liked the top fill feature and the secure attachment to the cage  which are really good features  . 
i cannot get this to stay on my ear . 
unlike other very protective cases ,  this one isn t very wide which is great . 
unfortunately ,  it was difficult to close and ,  eventually , the top frame broke when removing it . 
even if gmos are not in it ,  i won t buy them anymore . 
i don t blame the machine for this ,  just don t do it . 
i was surprised that making popcorn this way tasted so good . 
once the new unit arrives i ll update this review . 
the second time i used them on bicep curls the handle popped off . 
clean up is a breeze ,  as nothing seems to stick to the surface . 
overall ,  the build quality of the card is sound . 
just a battleship gray rectangular box and a stubby antenna . 
i take mine on trips all over the world and even num_num mds is plenty . 
have not tried it yet in very noisy paces but i am sure it will be fine . 
i could have the safety and the effectiveness combined . 
lots of problems and they never worked properly . 
by far ,  the best feature is the removable plates . 
would not recommend for cats ,  maybe dogs wouldn t mind it as much . 
since losing all of my stuff sometime ago ,  i have had to start all over again . 
i thought the battery was dying on my original and changed it out . 
i should have looked closer at the picture and noticed how skinny the grip handles were . 
if you can try it out ahead of the time ,  do yourself a favorite and do it . 
this handle is bigger ,  and seems to create more separation between blade and back of fingers . 
i love the clock and it is easy to program . 
i have not had any problems with it so far . 
bits continued to flake off during the simmer . 
my kids almost instantly switched to the keyboard . 
valve s choice not to support opengl further fuelled speculation that opengl may be badly lagging behind directx num_extend
these aren t potato chips ,  so you can t blame it on getting crushed in transit . 
target does not package them properly for shipping . 
make my own almond milk ,  lemon infused water ,  etc . 
it didn t feel natural to move and conduct basic movements and commands . 
they didn t burn or stick ,  and the silpat sheet cleaned up nicely as promised with only warm water . 
nice snug tight fit and small so it does not stand out much . 
you will know what i mean if you foolishly purchase this game . 
then i tried baking soda and also vinegar . 
i can t understand how so many people liked this product . 
i prefer carrying an extra battery rather than using the extended battery . 
i had to rig it up to get it to stay in place . 
i used them yesterday to make hamburger buns with yeast dough in the oven . 
then when they do finally eat some ,  it tends to come back up again more than the others . 
i ve been using this little fan for about num_num years . 
blew it up when i got to camp ,  was totally deflated within num_num minutes . 
we use ours to hold dish towels in the kitchen ,  and hang on cabinet knobs . 
 please manufacture ,  dont redesign it to do this  . 
i d definitely recommend this product to anyone in the market for a good ,  reliable food processor . 
this bowl is perfect with it s bright color and no flaws ,  will continue to add to my collection . 
usually amazon is competitive in pricing but not on this line of products . 
i felt like i was playing another sega of the unreal franchise . 
no way around it ,  i don t care what any of you fan boys out there are saying . 
they stated in a email that they were sorry and would replace asap . 
the story line is so simple a num_num year old could ,  and might have ,  come up with it . 
the color was so bright and better then i remember it being on here . 
i thought his art was lost as i have not made a decent cup of coffee in many years . 
a little hard to get aligned up properly . 
i am a one person household so the size is just right for me . 
i expect it to last until vz offers  g note  . 
the gadget i bought at the same time that i really love is the silicone garlic peel remover . 
you can scrub and use the most abrasive pads to clean the pot and never worry . 
but i jus recieved them today and i really like them . 
bought it for my new espresso machine and is a necessary accessory for anyone who has an espresso machine . 
sorry to say that i didn t really like it; though i m glad that it works for others . 
i hone my knives frequently and this steel does the job . 
when i receieved these as a gift ,  i was so happy . 
beautiful machine ,  works great ,  and quiet ,  considering what it s doing . 
i change my case almost daily to match all of my toms and other shoes i own . 
i don t own either ,  and i have no plans to buy them . 
as it is though ,  whether it s easy to install or not ,  crap is still crap . 
i make a huge glass of juice and chug it down . 
but this one looks as good as it performs . 
if you enjoy the look of wearing thick foundation ,  i guess this product would be good . 
get so , mething musch less expensive from your local pharmacy . 
i don t know why i bought it in the first place . 
we recently gave up our microwave ,  and the only thing i couldn t do without it was make popcorn . 
i use my phone as num_extend player and also light web browsing among other things . 
i don t know if this happens with other brands ,  but it is a minor annoyance that i can overlook . 
it s a nice brush ,  but so much static . 
not a biggie considering i knew the ipaq actually has a faster core processor speed at num_num vs . 
i say  would have  because i got rid of it . 
i finally traced the manufacturer on the web and was able to call them . 
maybe i just have a wierd head !  ha . 
i m surprised by the reviews that say these aren t big enough for a pasta entree . 
it ll also hold your hair for a long period of time as well . 
please do yourself a favor and purchase this; it s slim and professional looking . 
having two sizes is a real plus and the lid fits both . 
i find throwing it in the dishwasher every now and then helps with removing some of the staining . 
can t because of the bad sony software that comes with it . 
when it was ground ,  there was no cleanup for my grinder :  no coffee oils were present . 
i agree with some of the other reviews ,  this product should be taken off the market . 
the whole family immediately chose which color would be theirs . 
the pan is so clean ,  you might not realize it s been used . 
i wanted to start making my own fruit pops since i have a great juicer . 
it has never given me a bad batch of ice cream ,  and we make it all summer long . 
it does exactly what it s made to do without leaking or being too fancy . 
nothing sticks to it .  .  .  .  . period !  !  have made num_num cakes in it and am very pleased with the results . 
this worked pretty good the clamp the phone would go into snapped in half . 
i have been a gamer for num_num years and am very familiar with shooters . 
cost of filters aside ,  it makes an unbeatable cup of coffee . 
i really can t recommend this to a novice . 
i  ironed  out the couple bubbles i got on my first application and i have absolutely no complaints . 
then you have to attend meeting after meeting with your position coaches ,  which is just plain not fun . 
my apartment is pretty dark and shaded and some days ,  i don t see much light . 
maybe that s a good amount of time but for almost $ i would expect more longevity . 
after owning a kitchenaid for eight years ,  i thought i would buy another one . 
the scale is beautiful and easy to read . 
they offer a decidedly bland flavor with an aftertaste of old milk that lasts waaaay too long . 
i had previously purchased the wahl unit without the heating option and loved it . 
i will concur that it is beautifully designed  , has nice leather case and the fm section sounds decent . 
maybe part of it is the the artwork and design; the character animations look like weird cartoon figures . 
i m a big fan of life proof products . 
its honestly like a real mirror on your phone . 
if you like the way  traditional  blenders are designed ,  with screw off bottoms ,  stop reading . 
i d rather buy name brand like crosman or aftermath . 
the two black ends pop out the front with your finger to expose the mounting holes . 
there is a video at the top of this amazon page that is worth watching . 
she s a very content dog but she didn t want to stay in this . 
this item was great until it stopped working and that was in less than two months . 
a lot of area to push your foot through before you reach the footbed . 
i just got a new galaxy num_extend and i ordered this case for that phone as well . 
i bought one for the folks ,  too ,  and they re thrilled with it . 
so they could make glass jars to fit this purpose . 
were small durable easy to keep in small kitchen . 
four hours of moderate data and voice usage and the indicator turns orange indicating % or less battery capacity . 
they are thinner than i thought they would be ,  but they sure work well . 
i definitely got what i paid for ,  however . 
if i had to buy air mattresses again ,  i probably would avoid this brand . 
these parabens are readily absorbed through the skin and scalp ,  they are estrogenic ,  and build up in breast tissue . 
the old pokemon games had better graphics than this game . 
first of all this item cannot be returned because it s considered  grocery  . 
i prefer to have the shiny stainless steel look . 
she will only play with this if i hold one side and pull against it . this thing needs doggy directions . 
so with that said ,  i thought it best to quit taking it . 
there were absolutely no new ideas or stage creativity or at any point in the game . 
the battery life is about num_num hours continuous talk time and takes about num_num hour to fully charge . 
had an older ar that a customer wanted work on so i bought this tool specifically for the job . 
it s functional ,  makes the phone grippier and doesn t add much bulk at all . 
same as my two year old battery so i don t think its new . 
on the new battery ,  i talked num_num min . 
have been using it in my car for a long time and never had any problems . 
maybe i am just use to good ones ,  but wow . 
i don t know what to think of this . 
mm had masks ,  oracle games had seeds and rings ,  minnish cap had kinship stones ,  etc . 
maybe i m not putting it on right or something . 
this is a pretty good vacuum with decent suction and the self propel makes it easy to use . 
this is easily the nicest cutting board i ve ever seen . 
and it is noticeably louder ,  albeit mostly on the treble . 
if you re an nba basketball player with gorilla hands it will be a perfect fit . 
by far the best cell phone case i have ever owned . 
after a month of using this product twice a day ,  i noticed no improvements ,  sadly . 
this app is virtually worthless and is full of bugs . 
very well made with handles and pour spount . no more cleanups after making pancakes . 
i have never been disappointed in any taylor thermometer they seem to be well made ,  accurate and durable . 
great fit ,  fine protection ,  and just the right amount of grip . 
i liked it so much ,  i ve ordered num_num more bowls in different sizes . 
ffekkai is a well know name but the product is not what i would want in a shampoo . 
my first george foreman grill ,  and i m enjoying the adventure !  this appliance is user friendly . 
i also ordered the presto num_num piece canning set which is very good quality . 
i wanted something that i could use to roll out flat bread and tortillas with . 
i am getting num_num to num_num hours of music time . 
unit is a little larger than i would have liked ,  but all the food slicers have similar dimensions . 
it fits perfect for the num_extend and my daughter love it to . 
this presto hot air popper heats up quickly and pops the majority of kernels . 
i put this product on after i put on my moisturizer and my concealor . 
it is a little soft at the edges and at wide apertures . 
i recently changed the filter and noticed that it had picked up a ton of airborne dirt and debri . 
i went over the same carpets with the dyson today . 
when the battery reached % it lost all power . 
this is by far the best bluetooth headset i ve used . 
this is usable ,  but not perfect for me . 
we ve used it maybe num_num or num_num times . i hope i get my money back . 
cat batted it around for a couple of minutes then walked away . 
it was easy to put up  and move when i hung to far to one side  . 
spend a few bucks more and get a good filter . 
i used other zagg products before and they all worked great . 
the thicker the hair the better this scent works !  . 
but the look is great and exactly what was ordered . 
 the most common and immediate being chapping or dryness . 
creams etc either don t work for me ,  or also make my face beet red . 
somehow i m not at all satisfied with this palette felt its a total waste of my money . 
perfect for slipping into a knife roll ,  super sharp . 
if you want to waste your money go ahead . 
good thing my baby was just happy to have some toys that are just his  new num_extend dog  . 
one could place it on top of their car or on the trunk as a  failsafe  . 
the set came in mail in a couple of days so quick and the product works fine . 
the unit looks good ,  but it will not work with windows num_extend
they were installed in my license plate and barely got them to work . 
why does levi change it cuts so often ?  . 
i guess it always helps to actually read the label fully before drinking . 
glad to get a replacement for such a good price . 
this board is as legit as you re going to find . 
i ve owned the roomba for over num_num years now and love it . 
haha !  !  this case protects her new iphone num_extend
it cannot do serrated edges or scissors ,  but i am enjoying my very sharp knives . 
if you re a big granola connoisseur then you ll enjoy it ,  the casual granola eater wont be so pleased . 
he takes it into his mouth and then spits it back out . 
we totally messed up the first batch and it tasted like soap . 
the num_num works rather well ,  but suffered from intermittent connection issues and occasional poor signal quality . 
i like that its not stiff like plastic and can absorb some level of num_extend
i would definitely recommend giving these a shot if you are in the market for funnels . 
very handy and isn t in the way of working in my sink . 
i thought i might be able to handle these but oh my god ,  it was disgusting . 
on my third and final use ,  i unknowingly got the metal plate off its track . 
this coffee grinder is a great buy on amazon . 
could not get it to deliver water to the planter . 
we ve been cooking them on the weber kettle all summer . 
they may be low cal ,  but it is because nobody can eat them !  . 
if you like to have a tasty bar ,  this is not for you . 
the glass jar is thick and heavy as well . 
i m almost jealous that i did not come up with this design myself . 
num_num countries around the world require that gmos be labeled . 
if your truly looking for pressure relief ,  look elsewhere . 
would definitely recommend this brand ,  color and model . 
i ve had other cookie scoops ,  but i ve now replaced all of them with the oxo scoops . 
i got the xl ,  and it is way to small . 
the notification bar is the best i ve seen on any android num_extend
i tried the dud cds on four total computers ,  so i know my technology is not at fault . 
would be almost comparable to carhartt belts if the buckle were fixed . 
i needed a vent mount so that it was closer to me and easier to see . 
i saw this and just had to get it . 
when i first bought this game ,  i thought it would be great . 
so you know that can and will drain the battery like crazy . 
i bought an up on the first day they were available . 
these scissors are very sharp and work great !  . 
this keeps my devices going until i can get back to somewhere i can charge them . 
really nice device to keep track with your power consumption . 
this thermometer is supposed to be more accurate . 
this is annoying and something you do not get with ear buds . 
so far i have not seen any difference or improvement ,  it is waste of money . 
i ve been able to charge my phone numerous times on one charge of this battery pack . 
i think that could be the reason bev and more stopped selling them . 
sadly ,  megaman num_extend is even worse than those two games . 
small knives need to be done carefully though and to keep them straight when sharpening ,  but not too difficult . 
when you get it ,  you will wonder how you ever lived without one of these !  . 
and you need to focus when you have this knife in your hands as it si super sharp . 
medal of honor rising sun is not worth the time it takes to get the shrinkwrap off . 
this whisk has a comfortable handle ,  is lightweight ,  and seems to be strong built . 
it said it was shipping from florida ,  but it did not . 
by the time you use a few of these products being reviewed ,  the rest will be discharged further . 
this is the absolute best little kitchen item i own . 
the belkin clear screen protector isn t really all that different from most screen protectors of this type . 
and finally something that doesn t come from china . 
the cleaning head has a much more open design ,  and has easy access for cleaning it out . 
where is the story ?  where ?  it left with romero when he went to form ionstorm . 
i love it !  !  !  !  it looks great with my pink iphone !  !  . 
it is extremely thin and porous ,  i don t see how this retains heat . 
it s hard to get on especially if it s on your tongue . 
as a kid ,  i would eat bagles toasted with melted cheddar on top every morning . 
i couldn t even figure out how to talk with this box . 
the picture for this item makes it look like it is chalk balls and not loose chalk . 
was hoping this was the one solid snap case . 
even took it to thailand when we moved there in num_num and used a lot over there . 
its very cheap compared to all the cases i have brought for the same price . 
you can t go back to a rotten ineffective peeler once you have used these . 
my little cheesecake was the right size and turned out perfectly . 
best game ever ,  but i wanted to long to test it and couldn t return it . 
it is very uncomfortable having these rollers poking me in the back while sitting . 
had a problem with post but nothing terrible . 
the special effects for attack or defense spells and other weapons are ok . 
i am so glad that i did !  they are perfect for chilling cookie dough or even homemade whipped cream . 
this stuff will not clear out your sinuses and i do not notice my breathing to be better . 
they sound absolutely fantastic and they block out any outside noise extremely well . 
uneven cuts of meat or fish are very difficult to cook . 
otherwise it looked like a nice stable dock ,  but who doesn t have a case on their phone nowadays ?  . 
it is much smaller than a lot of other ones yet provides ample power for my devices . 
this is a must have device for anyone with a blackberry tour . 
looks great ,  feels great ,  nice grip to hold phone . 
i bought a book awhile back called how to toilet train your cat ,  very inexpensively . 
the velcro ripped after using it a few times . 
i use it for both . the grind is coarse because you do not have a choice . 
i m very fed up with the food industry . 
as far as functionality goes ,  it works for me perfectly . 
invest in something with more speed and you lll be happy . 
icy drinks stay icy even in a hot car while i m out running errands . 
i got the num_extend a few days ago and for the most part i am very happy with it . 
i never used a case before because i always had a very large extended battery on my other blackberrys . 
so why does a big company release a cd that never should have left quality control . 
normally ,  i hate measuring utensils on key rings . 
now the fiber optics part of it is pretty cool but thats about it . 
i use both these items for my other cast iron . 
this product has turned out to be a big zero for me . 
the shipping took a while too but that is because it s from hong kong . 
buying a num_num pack saves us from being caught without a backup . 
i didn t have another dog to test it on ,  so i ended up returning it . 
i would recommend this if you need a toaster . 
they are also quite good at blocking out outside noise . 
the size is perfect to prepare a salad . 
they are running out of ideas they need to takesome ideas from there fans . 
my iphone cable needed to be replaced because the wires were exposed . 
i think half of these reviews are probably people that are paid to do it . 
as others have written ,  the range is very poor . 
flexes like its going to break or pop off . 
there was some irregular stitching on that shoe ,  as well . 
most eseries organizer and phone software are same or similar . 
this game is revolutionary in the history of computer gaming . 
i am really enjoying my purchase .  .  . if you purchase them you most likely will ,  too . 
if i have been unfortunate enough to save my configuration during this corruption then that too is corrupted . 
there is something seriously wrong with this product . 
this makes it so simple to make them . 
this coffee maker will grind beans ,  then brew ,  or you can just put ground coffee in it . 
soft to the touch and very appealing to the eye . 
the same grinding sounds from rails and cement . 
this is by far the best accessory you can have for your foodsaver . 
compre unos num_extend y parece que fueran como num_extend porque son grandisimos y me quedan super anchos . 
just like the description sais ,  they are easy to apply . 
i really wanted to like this and was excited to receive it but i just couldn t eat it . 
replacement blades are available on quite a few sites i ve seen the complete set for around fourteen dollars . 
might not last as long as my overpriced cookware ,  but still ,  very ,  very useful ,  and fairly priced . 
i ve had this case for a week now and it works good . 
runs large for a mens ring as well . 
i bought it becouse remind mine of my childhoold and wanted the fresh taste of butter . in the popcorn . 
just for me hair milk works better for far less money and is less iky feeling . 
the handle is made of oxo s typical  good grips  material ,  so it was comfortable and didn t slip . 
now tilt the paper towards a bowl or whatever . 
i bought this based on the num_num reviews here . 
bento for my husband mostly because i really wanted to justify my ms . 
leapfrog recommends you clean the ball with a damp cloth ,  but that doesn t always produce the best results . 
it seems i was always talking too soon or too late . all in all ,  a great headset for the $
this is my num_extend tonka rc vehicle and it is a major step backwards in toy evolution . 
i ve been using it for several years now and the wife and i love popcorn . 
i have found that the pyramid series of tea from lipton is bland and flavorless . 
some people complained about how close the handle is to the pitcher itself . 
if you skip the ring there is an extra piece of collar that will be flapping in the wind . 
while it won t look quite so fancy ,  the feel won t be all that different . 
dim naturally contains compounds which can smell badly ,  in some cases like fecal matter . 
if you do purchase i would not suggest using them inside ,  it ate the finish on my coffee table !  . 
heck ,  if you re serving lobster or king crab you can afford a bunch of these . 
second ,  the steering knob needs to be larger ,  adjustable ,  and attach to the pole instead of the top handle . 
since i bought a num_num pack , i am trying to figure out what to do with these . 
i have tried an times but no luck . 
when this works it does have a sharp blade that splits pills in half . 
island dreams by figi is about $ on line and it gets you brown very fast . 
this is a quality item ,  it s strong and durable; does its job well . 
one has to wonder who wrote this contradictory packaging copy and who approved it . 
i ll have to pass on any further purchases . 
i have this in my bedroom window and often forget to shut it off . 
this uses a ti chipset which ti refuses to release any information about to the linux driver writers . 
they actually caused more fluid to be inside and more plugging up . 
it s like the old  games  used to be where there are only so many  burned into the led  images . 
that s not what i m looking for in a dinner . 
these were very cheap and well worth the money . 
it really does a nice job and one is the correct size for a nice tostado . 
wow ,  i am glad i bought this popper . 
have to be very careful to clean the screen and remove all lint or you ll get bubbles . 
crank the heat up . you have two choices here . 
but other than that ,  there are no complaints . 
got all the way to the end and couldn t get the game to finish . 
we have two kitcens both containing complete sets of microplanes . 
this is exactly as described ,  an oem motorola battery for the droid num_num and num_extend
it is a little bulky and heavy ,  but that adds to it s sturdiness . 
i discontinued using the product ,  because it was too messy . 
its a little hard to open if you have any pain in hands but still workable . 
i have not been able to make it function . 
the cut out in the case isn t big enough and my charger pops out . 
my mistake to have not looked close enough ,  beyond the num_extend power magnification . 
i decided to buy some on a whim from this company and i was thoroughly disappointed . 
i would not recommend this toy to any one . 
this is a decent game  the only reason i gave it num_num stars  . 
this is the shoddiest drink i ve had in a long time . 
try it and you will like it too . 
this protective shield fit my new phone great . 
i bought this case for my wife and she loves it . 
however ,  it would be easier to see if it were some other color ,  such as red or white . 
the make of the bumper does not exude elegance ,  and it feels a bit cheap . 
i took away another star because of this . just received a ballistic case and tossed the vertex case . 
again ,  these breyer accessories are a waste of money for use as a toy being so poorly constructed . 
it worked as advertised and i would recommend it to anyone . 
the audio was cutting in and out frequently . 
i want to choose my default search engine . 
i am very pleased !  highly highly highly recommend . 
overall very nice and versatile and i would recommend . 
my fault not the products . but i got it anyways and applied it . 
my daughter loves this toy ,  and so do we ,  when it works . 
so far ,  none of them have broken ,  and i have had several of them for a few years . 
not worth hanging on your old strung out battery !  . 
it s inexpensive which in this case equates to poor quality . 
i took it inside and when i sat on it  at num_num pounds  it barely makes a dimple . 
its adjustable just by cutting to the size you need . 
i got num_num sets so i can make num_num at a time . 
easy to put together with a few screws  enclosed  . 
the battery is still charging as expected and i have had it for awhile . 
i bought this for the discounted price of $  down from $
gave it to my friend who has a traverse and will never see it again . 
while the machine works well ,  it is very ,  very heavy . 
the straps have no adjustments and are too short and i am only num_extend tall . 
my braun brews wonderful coffee whether it be just a few cups or a full pot . 
i had loved the zelda series ,  but was dismayed when i saw wind waker . 
the stopwatch ,  for instance ,  is a nightmare to use . 
it has a built in screen protector that really does protect and the case is so secure . 
i have had this product for about num_num years . 
the machine makes a very good loaf of bread . 
we weren t expecting that ,  they re thin rubber ,  you shouldn t expect it either . 
in direct light ,  this product certainly does the trick and deflects the light away . 
i will even eat rice cakes ,  which are pretty styrofoamy . 
the blood and violence is just to intense . 
my laptop was overheating soo i decided to buy a fan ,  but it doesn t work . 
will order again when i eventually run out . 
also ,  the metal handle on the lid doesn t get hot somehow ,  which is perfect . 
and to move around the  beautiful  levels with any sort of ease . 
then  ,  within the first week of actual use ,  one of the drawers started jamming . 
the terrain is green ,  with some very sparsely placed trees and signs . 
the patterns are great for me because i love bright colors . 
your tablet or phone must have the screen density and capacity to register the strokes on the software side . 
the bad news is that the game is a chore to get through thanks to a terrible frame rate . 
unless you press it as hard as you can to make it buck . 
the face of the phone is completely exposed . 
will be getting laser surgery on my veins . 
for this price the quality exceeded my expectations . 
i chopped some onions up and placed them in the bottom and placed the chicken inside . 
it is small enough to lift out bars and cake from a regular cake pan . 
bright blue light is larger and more visible than other bluetooth headphones . 
i love the deep chamber that holds a couple more ounces than my old one . 
it is very wide ,  so your cookbooks are not peeking out the edges and getting their pages dirty . 
when i contest a player for three they just put up a prayer and make it . 
as is stand ,  i really can t recommend this to anyone . 
accordingly i thought it would be a good idea to update my review . 
it is pretty heavy and it looks nice ,  i bought the num_num peice set . 
my pastry school instructor recommended using this instead of a knife for chopping chocolate and she was right . 
when i tested it to see if it worked my computer always lost power and restarted . 
i either hold the lid or just do not empty all the water . 
i find myself using my grill num_extend as much now . 
this is so easy to use !  i have used rental machines . 
it is very flimsy and is just not a good case . 
i have used cuisinart cookware for over a decade and i love it . 
i heard these are great ,  but i don t know how to use them . 
as to product performance ,  i tried several attachments ,  and cut or grated romaine ,  carrots ,  scallions ,  cucumber ,  celery . 
i checked the connection ,  and even plugged in my iphone . 
maybe someone has more practical ideas ?  sure would like to hear of them . 
and the bad thing is that it didn t even work well enough to make it worth the stench . 
so perhaps it tracks about the same as any litter . lastly ,  the poor clumping action . 
look at kong chew toys instead for longer lasting toys . 
i thought this would fit my num_num ipaq but doesn t . 
i mean ,  it helps but doesn t reduce it enough to make it comfortable to shoot num_num to num_num shells . 
did these people even test this thing ?  the range leaves something to be desired . 
good buy and it covers the whole front frame not just the screen . 
the grind was uneven ,  with some beans barely cut in half ,  despite the length of grinding time . 
they successfully utilized sound  or the lack thereof  to scare the bejeezus out of me . 
the container is made in prc  people s republic of china  . 
i use these for all my leftovers and they are great . 
we have used this in our oven and on our gas grill . 
i finally realized the lid given for the large pan just wasn t even close to fitting . 
providing this information is the cost of admission for functionality of the apps . 
i bought him one on amazon because it was wayyyy cheaper than the ones in the stores . 
i used this product for the first time and was very disappointed . 
unfortunately it feels like a rock under the band . 
for what should be simple consumer electronic devices . 
i shouldn t have overlooked someone s review on rust issue with these pans . 
i can t hear the shaker ,  the sizzling cymbals as clear as before . 
it does not tilt straight up or down like the small table fans you traditionally see . 
i have one of these with a plastic surround and that tends to break off . 
i ordered this gasket in hopes that it would fit and was overjoyed when it did . 
so the part in the back where the mirror attaches to the metal can t be tightened . 
i ask one of this used item nv and it arrived me with damage or bad . 
i fit num_num pair of shoes in each cubby spot . 
i bought this because i needed a new knife ,  and it was recommended by cook s illustrated . 
i don t necessarily like throwing all of those batteries away when there are rechargables . 
one would think it should not be difficult to take the temperature reading . 
but i think i can safely say that no bt headset has great audio . 
this perfectly fits my cook s essentials num_num qt . 
oils will leach plastic from the container over time ,  so that is a concern to me . 
this is a very beautiful pan ,  and it works really well . 
the refurb couldn t do internet except through wifi . 
i bought this to replace the smaller pitchers included with breville s barista express . 
i am very surprised that so many people are happy with this knife . 
i no longer experience numbness down south . if this one doesn t do the trick for you ,  check out the competition . 
when you are handicapped you have more trouble returning them . 
pretty cool ,  huh ? i like this mount a lot . 
the cones do not touch the counter ,  as others have said ,  and it is sturdy . 
i spent a good bit of time reading amazon reviews about treo cases . 
my guess is anodized aluminum not suitable . generally zyliss makes quality kitchen tools . 
we ended up buying a capresso and have been very happy with that instead . 
i ve owned a dozen blenders over the past num_num years . 
this case is not specifically made for the htc inspire . 
it did not taste like the jasmine tea i so remember and appreciate . 
what can you say about cream chargers ,  they are what they are . 
i bought this for our granddaughter when she comes to visit . 
the plastic case fits snug against the rubber inside piece . 
the colors are less vibrant than i imagined . 
beer and with the mixes the company sells . 
it is definitely worth the few extra dollars to protect the phone a little longer . 
this looked much easier to handle than advertised . 
i threw away all of our non stick pans years ago and switched over to cast iron . 
since the product is still being offered ,  i thought my review might help some to make a decision . 
i purchased this leather case for iphone num_num and it was exactly what i expected . 
this is compounded by the very cold meat ,  which requires more effort to push into the grinder hole . 
finally ,  using this as a pointer takes a lot more movement . 
all the strange corners and angles inside this container make that difficult . 
i ve dropped my phone a couple of times and the case has fully protected it . 
the metal on this rack is not protected and it digs into the rim leaving very destructive marks . 
i was suppose to get the left handed one . 
when they work they are fine . revised bottom line :  ya pays ya money and ya takes ya chances . 
ended up purchasing a sear craftsman pump for $ that has a larger compressor and a built in light . 
but we bought another trudeau .  .  . it lasted about five times longer than the closet rival brand . 
however ,  the ironing board cover is pretty thin . 
my other one is for two cups so the four cup will be easier to use it appears . 
the doc for my droid x is quite nice . 
we wanted to get rid of the land line . here is my num_extend
the inner plastic shell that the phone slips into is made well and adds to the protection . 
the mount grips on the sides and then straps down over the phone tightly . 
even before mealtime ,  he just walks away ,  not even a sniff . 
i am truly grateful it gave up the ghost . 
the handle conditions itself from contact with oily food from time to time ,  so it does not need treatment . 
it cleans your hair ,  but doesnt help it . 
sorry ,  just swinging around ny could not save this one . 
my husband and i tried everything possible to try to fix it to no avail . 
i live alone and tend to avoid any complications in food prep and cleanup . 
had the unit num_num months before one port died . 
however ,  the mission  rabaul raid  cannot be won and campaign stops there . 
sesame ,  flax and hemp are my superfood but almonds are the superfood when it comes to vitamin e . 
if you want to put ear muffs or even a hat down over them you will bump them . 
other reviews make a big deal about the great flavor . 
that s one of the things that makes this powerlift battery so handy . 
this is the most useles piece of junk on the market . 
good design !  would have liked something to hold the two funnels together . 
its best used for hardwood floors and tile but forget it if you want to use it for carpets . 
if i had know how useful it was i would have bought it years ago . 
it comes in two parts ,  a neoprene sleeve and and a hard case that snaps over it . 
when i put it in the  off  position ,  it turned on . 
the tea tree cleansing conditioner did much better with her hair . 
if you hand hold it you must keep a finger around it to keep the connection . 
the first one stopped working after about eight months . 
i wouldn t recommend using this screen cover if screen resolution is important to you . 
i received a num_num oz sample of this in my new beauty test tube . 
the price was  right  and the delivery was on time . 
it wasn t too sweet ,  so in that aspect i wouldn t  and didn t  mind giving it to my boy . 
however it s so simple to just make another batch ,  so just do that instead . 
you have to glue in plastic pieces for the camera and apple logo window . 
this was very easy to use and the perfect size for one or two . 
my hair still came out with yellow in it . 
bought these as a gift and the recipient is enjoying them as well . 
it is substantial  heavy !   ,  magnificent and works wonderfully well . 
the light is so dim ,  it s not even really a flashlight . 
if this feature was implemented for storyline purposes only ,  i wouldn t have a problem with it . 
you can squeeze them ,  wring them ,  and then wash them out and let them dry . 
love this but it did cost about num_num num_num to shipcame new it is very soft and bright pink . 
if you have msg sensitivities or related migraines ,  don t buy this . 
i started playing the game and thought :  i don t like this game but maybe it will get better . 
as far as this having num_num quiet speeds i d have to say that is not quite accurate . 
thee first quit responding to any input at all after a couple of weeks . 
plus ,  the only thing that came in handy was its outer shell ,  because the outlet did not work . 
it can be removed by shaking the press in a certain way but it s slow and tedious . 
i found one on amazon and ordered to see whether it would make a difference . 
this satin mask was very cheaply made and very uncomfortable to wear . 
i love farberware and this double boiler is a great addition to any cookware you may have . 
and don t accept the offer from the suppllier   to cut open a bigger opening  to make it fit !  . 
before i bought the polder digital probe thermometer ,  i had been using my taylor instant read thermometer . 
the side pocket fits many of my kitchen aid attachments . 
gave it to my son as the humidity where he lives is different than here . 
i used them around my fireplace and around my curio cabinet for twinkle lights . 
it does have an alarm ,  and you can change the ringtone among num_num presets i believe . 
when i received the first one ,  upon inserting the batteries ,  only five of the buttons lit up . 
most anything i can do in my toaster oven ,  i can do with this machine . 
my birds have never had such clean cages and the cage cleaning went so much faster and easier . 
i purchased an htc evo a couple years back . 
my husband uses cutter backyard bug control spray for the lawn and has been very pleased with the results . 
i bought these because they look beautiful in the picture . 
made bobby flay s recipe for pie crust with added garlic powder and dried basil to the mix . 
next time i ll read the reviews even when i think i don t have to . 
the more you attempt to fix it the more streaky it becomes . 
the stand holds my num_num inch tablet well . 
it doesn t come anywhere close to ff num_extend
just remember not to fill this all the way . 
that game cannot be played any other way but by a computer . 
i can t give a fair review on this ,  because i haven t used it yet . 
have not tried the camera button as again i use the software control . 
i returned it for a refund and will have to look aroung elsewhere . 
this one does not have that holding power to keep away hunger until lunch time that i m looking for . 
this one is the one i wish i d have bought in the first place . 
or check out  the shadowhearts covenant  ,  the last installment in the shadowheart series . 
be careful; it is heavy ,  but it s a good looking piece . important to me :  made in u . s . a . 
this bra offered no support for my num_extend
added september num_extend num_extend well ,  i think this treadmill has reached the end of its life . 
it did not help me with the issues that i was using it for . 
i like it because it is possible to check on how food is cooking without taking the lid off . 
i can see this is going to be a pain in the ass . 
just received this measuring cup and it is great  !  just like the older ones we own . 
i cant get it to fly forward ,  even indoors . 
but you ll have a really slick device afterwards and a lot more free memory . 
i returned it but was not able to get refund or exchange . 
it does not leave enough room for me to sit . 
i left them for an overnight charge and now they work with no errors again . 
i sure didn t want to buy a whole new mixer . 
also ,  the lens thing ,  or whatever it is ,  is fixed at a certain height . 
it smelled like pure alcohol and made my hair feel sticky and rough . 
though i have to say ,  this little gem is small handy and easy to clean . 
i will never order from these people again if this is how they take care of their customers . 
would   and have  purchased again . great protector for an older phone . 
i never disapproved a product as i disapprove this one . waste of money . 
this is a terrific addition to any kitchen . 
don t buy one with plated tines ,  the plating will flake off . 
different animations don t equal depth or variety in gameplay . 
and when i wanted to switch ,  it took a num_num hour set up . 
this is easier to use ,  easier to clean ,  and cooks as well as the nordic . 
it is definitely better than it was but not where i was hoping . 
so i returned to the cyberpower ,  but without the base or vertical position . 
nicely browned and crisp on both sides ,  but soft in the middle . 
sometimes this pan is sold as a special .  .  .  ,  if you see it grab it . 
there is a dial on the front of the machine to control the amount of coffee desired . 
it s a real shame that the game itself actively works to destroy suspension of disbelief . 
better than any stainless steel peeler i have had . 
i emptyed the container and fould all sorts of trash . 
scoop surface appears to be chrome but not . 
the other two started to peel off just from daily use . 
they are distructive chewers and this looked like it might last them a while . 
this fit perfectly  it was a low end oster blender ,  $ or so  and the blender works again !  . 
the rubber head is stiffer and more sturdy . 
i never imagined it would hold up like it has . 
but the only negative effect is its really hard to see the screen in the sun . 
amazon review is incorrect in claiming that all rosle products are made in germany . 
i repackaged it ,  and it is going back . total let down . 
then it started interfering with the network ,  i . e . 
i have bought several different brands of lightweight rechargable sweepers and this one is the best . 
it has allot of power ,  therefore i use it more than ever before . 
in the honey world theres a graphical glitch where all the honey stops flowing too . 
it s easy to read and simple to operate . 
however ,  it s just too hard to be tasty . 
it has a non slip strip on both sides so it is easy to pick up and not drop . 
afraid i wouldn t be able to get the smell out  . 
my german shepherd is incredibly picky when it comes to treats . 
the vhs playback ,  however ,  was horrible on both machines . 
of course pyrex is a long time favorite namebrand of mine . 
speaking of range ,  it only works for about num_num to num_num feet . 
next they tried to put the blame on the postal service for damaging the screen . 
i thought maybe i somehow had a bad cup ,  so i tried a different tea bag . 
our golden puppy is a killer of plush toys ,  so the lack of stuffing was a huge selling point . 
it s simple ,  minimal ,  design makes it a breeze to clean . 
there is a white film all over my apartment and throughout my oven . 
crocs shoes are a different animal than most shoes . 
my husband loves his pasta pot and he has even used it as a fryer . 
so happy to get back to real perked coffee and away from those plastic drip coffee makers . 
audio comes out of your car s speakers and the system automatically mutes music during an incoming call . 
don t buy them because of the low price . 
my hair became dry and thin as well . 
not going to be a third time as they will be going in the trash soon . 
i should ve known :  resistance in a wire gets higher the longer the wire ,  and since resistance produces heat . 
buy any other transformers game just not this . 
i love to bake and i love to bake in something that sets off what i am baking . 
it also is less weight in the drawer and that s good for a drawer s longevity . 
but it never got past the soupy slush stage . 
purchased as a christmas gift for my daughter . 
i recommend it if you have an iphone without a cover . 
there is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear . 
but shooting at them is not at all fun . 
this battery has a lot of lifetime and will last . 
they thought i was crazy ,  but now they all love it too . 
there really isn t a lot to say here . 
also ,  we re very clumsy and haven t chipped a piece after num_num months of use . 
a lock for the cover ,  which i didn t need ,  but i could see why they added it . 
not really my taste but gave them away the guy loves them . 
return policy is poor and shipping is high so make sure you are not going to return these shorts . 
it s a fight trying to get the molds to pop up with the sticks . 
wish the handles lasted longer than num_num years though . 
my only complaint is that the assembly is a little tricky . 
my drawers are both longer and wider than this tray . next time it goes on sale ,  i m buying three more . 
however ,  when it arrived ,  i noticed it was in a plastic container . 
i don t believe it would accommodate the extended battery however . 
i have been carrying this knife for about two months . 
it still keeps the phone slim but yet protects it from scratches and falls . 
my button actually stopped working and i had to exchange the phone . 
the smell was delightfully herbal with a touch of florals . 
and guess what ?  it still played like crap . 
some noticeable smells have been dramatically reduced and it certainly helped with allergies . 
one is fine ,  the other must have been flawed because it basically unraveled . 
great for making puddings and things you don t want to stick to the bottom of the pan . 
if you get the sandisk sansa fuze ,  this is a package you must have . 
my only complain is that it is too darn heavy but i guess cast iron skillets are all heavy . 
lodge makes one and it is available on amazon . 
i m looking forward to many more fondue parties with this product . 
you can t beat this filter for the money . 
even an strong person will have difficulties with this scale . 
i wish i would have had this stylus when i was setting up my new phone ,  passwords ,  registrations etc . 
it seems to be both well designed and madewith sturdy stuff . 
so this would not only be bad for her health but also bad for my wallet . 
if they did ,  i would snatch up both of them . 
i would buy again . oh ,  i ve purchased wiring harnesses from scosche . 
and it can be used as a very handy weapon in case of intruders or bears . 
i have a charger for my power outlet in my car . 
then it started to warm less and less . 
it should not have done that at all ,  right ?  well it did . 
right now i have them in a normal inustrial clamp style lamp from a big box store . 
it does not work well at all it stays gooey no matter what you do . 
i ve grown up using cast iron pans and here is the no bs truth . 
i bought these because they are compatible to my bunn coffee maker . 
holds only two cards but for five bucks to buy and ship i feel it is a great value . 
used it several times already and thankful for this . 
i ve come to expect more than this of oxo . 
i ve tried num_num different cases and the ifrigze luxe is by far the best . 
the glitter comes off a little and the edges are not the best quality . 
this was well worth the money ,  it does a very fast charge in the car . 
you can leave the bottle on the table and not worry about the bottle getting cold . 
it did not do anything to my skin other than major break outs . 
this little wallet smelled so strongly that i had to put it outside . 
i got it yesterday ,  opened the packaging and immediately applied the screen protector . 
and getting leaner each year  by other tests  . this device assumes body fat percentage goes up with age . 
i guarantee you it would work better than this marker . 
the whites are white ,  reds are red ,  and blacks are black . 
i ve been looking to replace my old oxo ice cream scoop for awhile . 
it is very pretty ,  heavy ,  and very well made . 
a lot more powerful than others that i ve had . 
i didn t care though ,  as long as it did it s job . 
it really makes scooping ice cream easier and more pleasant ,  even if it is frozen hard . 
the tower fits easily in the cabinet under my sink . 
i use my to use the hps function on my bike rides and runs . 
when my wife received her num_extend she was ecstatic . 
it pulls the hair rather than cutting it . 
i like its use of the standard microusb connector . 
after a lot of research and also owning several other vornado products i picked this once . 
and i don t mean it on a  mature content present  way . 
i think i came in last every time . 
i love to bake and this is perfect for transporting baked good to potlucks ,  etc . 
i bought this one because my other brush is wearing out . 
they are still laying around my house uneaten ,  untried ,  untouched . 
i m just happy to be able to get the product !   . 
didn t use an insane amount of the spray . 
it has made my cutting jobs much easier . 
i m disappointed since i enjoy other flavors of larabars . 
this product claims to restore black trim and lasts for two weeks . 
i got it as a bonus product for buying a roaster . 
my first thought was these are going back . 
i was not impressed with the quality of it for the amount i paid for it . 
i have been using this knife every day for all those years and it still works great . 
put your waffle mixture in let it cook and it chirps again when they are ready . 
various plastic parts completely broke off after a little more than a year . 
it was gone fast ,  then i tried the slightly dirty place at the entrance to my front door . 
after two or three washings ,  these socks shrank and became hard . 
the ones that do seem to bypass the cover no problem . 
i bought these for use by my kids ,  since i wanted to get away from using plastic cups . 
you can look up the website of parry on google . 
considering going to a restaurant supply store and investing in a professional set of cookware . 
of course you ll learn a new move as you progress but nothing to boost about . 
be clear that if water gets on the phone lifeproof does not cover the damage to your phone . 
i followed the directions that came with the wok and had good results . 
i even tried wiping some off on a tissue ,  but it was just a gummy mess . 
but the first one i got did not want to turn on . 
i tested it by sticking it to the windshield ,  without any cleaning or prep ,  and it sticks quite well . 
although the product causing it was also the same product she thought was fixing it . 
maybe i ll just use this as a pen holder or something else . 
and amazon is not giving me anything to say this ,  it s just my honest opinion . 
i wanted to be able to watch videos on my ipad and still answer my phone with these . 
compatibility with the ms office suite is a plus  no more dependence on data viz  . 
cable crackles when plug in jack is moved . 
when they talk about less noise ,  this is very low in noise . 
there isn t a piece of metal in the entire piece . 
this product is ok ,  but spirulina packs more bang for chlorophyll content . 
since we had a plastic one cup measuring cup ,  i began using that . 
this is a nice and cheap replacement sync cable . 
i just ordered one of these to replace the one i have . 
the included spatula got all the food out of the work bowl quickly without making a mess . 
a great feature that i m surprised other manufacturers havent picked up on . 
they have always been high quality and wore very well . 
i ve broken several phones from dropping them too much . 
this bowl is a must for every kitchen . 
i purchased the devacurl travel kit so that i could sample this product i had heard so much about . 
i purchased the product even with all the negative reviews . 
based on the reviews ,  i bought num_num of these as gifts . 
this is the classic drinking glass throughout europe . 
once you cooked on cast iron ,  you will never want to use anything else . 
you ll drag out every knife and sharpen everything in your house after you use this thing once . 
i have ,  and had great luck with honest sellers and a great product . 
this has to be the best $ shipping you can possibly spend to protect your investment . 
covered straining saucepans than this farberware ,  and i have . 
they had me down load and install the same driver over again ,  several times . 
now ,  after a year and a half ,  the pump mechanism just died . 
this is a terrific little vacuum if you have hardwood floors ,  tile ,  etc . 
they shattered the phone screen twice and spent a lot of money getting it replaced . 
i normally wear large so i ordered xl and can t even get my fingers half way in . 
i do not use this in my tub . 
since then ,  i have tried several and was happy with none of them . 
no more sticky residue after cleaning ,  and no overwhelming scent . 
you can even put both in the same bag at once . 
who wants to leave the house with a headset with a minimal charge in it . 
cleanup needed only soap ,  water ,  and a dish cloth ,  and the pan looked like new . 
thankfully i saved the old cord he had used previously to connect . 
so i was able to take it back and grab another one . 
i thought i had found a real bargain when i purchased this pan but i was wrong . 
the shiny parts were still shiny when i finished using it ,  and the dull parts were still dull . 
not a big fan ,  just use a credit card instead . 
i don t buy anything with chicken or rice for my dogs . 
feels solid and heavy :  so that it sits on countertop firmly . 
it is sort of a puzzle to get on . 
it seems so obvious to me that i have to wonder what the developers were thinking . 
when the beadboard and two prepac items were installed by my husband ,  the completed look was wonderful . 
i love my screen protectors and they fit perfectly on my phone . 
and it s hot ,  stands up to cold milk . 
then ,  the folding handle ,  low and behold ,  broke in half one morning . 
maybe this is just a bad batch ?  not sure ,  but i won t be trying anymore of it . 
i couldn t wear them out of the house . 
it s fun to battle in  despite it s graphics  . 
it keeps my bluetooth out of the way and safe . 
it is my absolute favorite pot for making sauces and stews ,  and i use it often . 
the incredible s camera takes better pictures indoors and similar or slightly better pictures outdoors . 
the ability to stack them was a great space saver . 
love these !  they are absolutely beautiful in my kitchen . 
they themselves pointed out that the pot does make three espresso cups  worth of brew . 
it can be removed and added tons of times ,  and the ring never comes loose . 
no graham cracker taste or texture . it tastes like the chocolate chip cookie dough .  .  . and colored a bit darker . 
it cooks evenly over two burners on my gas stove and cleans up easily with a little soaking . 
i like the cover for my wife but the bottom cover is discoloring and comming loose . 
i recommend this product to people who like to run and listen to music at the same time . 
basically this is granulated catnip . unfortunately i want to get rid of cats ,  not get more of them . 
it does not work with the rca rc num_extend which amazon is bundling with it . 
however ,  i fixed mine by replacing the screws with longer sheet metal screws . 
however ,  i doubt very seriously this is an samsung oem item . 
if you frequently use olive oil ,  you need to buy this product !  . 
i think i have my $ worth though . 
the rice krispie treats i made were an enormous success . 
this is a horrible product ,  didn t even work on one bottle for me . 
large oversized box with small set of num_extend
but on obagi ,  when one started resolving ,  another would pop up . 
much better than having a standard blade grinder and with more capacity . 
this game suffers from such slow game play it is a wonder it was ever released . 
oxo is a name that i equate with good products and i wasn t disappointed with this scraper at all . 
i loved how soft it was and the texture was great . 
hard to believe anyone would put something so awful on the market . 
we got rid of it after one month since willa cannot understand any commands . 
i ever had experience with this technology and so far i m not impressed at all . 
unfortunately the skin has to be removed when placing the galaxy tab in docking stations ,  etc . 
the whole idea of this design is ingenious . 
i remember when i was a kid and my parents got one of those electric can openers . 
checkpoint saves are made automatically although you can save manually at any point . 
easy to clean while still hot or warm with only hot water and a stiff brush . 
a little way into the second batch ,  it started smoking . 
i m very disappointed that seido doesn t make a cradle for rezound . 
this product is well built and i am very satisfied . 
this is a product i bought without reading the reviews . 
the bulk of the game ,  however ,  is simply beating up your enemies . 
the microphone filters out % of the back ground loise . 
they are really beautiful and really do look very nice on my counter . 
this really does help if you are out in the sun during the day . 
easy to pair ,  control volume ,  answer calls and disconnect . 
it will give you a deliciously rich cup of espresso on the first try . 
i was looking forward to getting this bra ,  i like the look of lace . 
other than the logo being upside down ,  you cant tell the difference . 
this case works perfectly with my zune num_extend
i can see years of excellent service in my future with this product . 
it speeds things up while allowing you to cook on medium . as for cleaning .  .  . it couldn t be easier . 
it s exactly what you expect ,  and gets better with every use . 
i could care less about snapping that guy ,  i only have num_num arms . 
you can buy food to speed up health regeneration ,  but again ,  this only works in the tavern . the world . 
i like it fine ,  but it doesn t really work for the purpose for which i purchased it . 
just a personal preference but it doesn t interfere that much with the functionality of the knife . 
i followed the directions by first filling it with the cleansing solution then using it as a dry vac . 
i am totally thrilled to find this steamer . 
my iphone is two years old ,  but looks absolutely brand new coming out of this case . 
plus for them . cons : wireless range :  the range on these headphones is hideously poor . 
wanted to bake so i read some reviews and bought these based on what others said . 
once again ,  puffy itchy eyes . so trash can it went !  . 
i tried another one just to see if i got a dud . 
i like to replace my cardboard coins with metal coins ,  but they are fairly expensive . 
it was just what she needed in her business . 
i use this one mostly for the grill where distance is an advantage . 
maybe all hot air poppers are loud ,  but this is the only one i ve had so i don t know . 
it worked fine for about the first month then the clogs and the stench started . 
would have expected it to last longer though . 
i use a dish towel under it so no problem . 
but the spatula is very handy and it works great . couldn t work in my kitchen without at least one !  !  . 
it looks very stylish and real ,  and it a semi and full auto airsoft gun . 
it does provide a lot of useful ,  pretty designs in one kit ,  which i like . 
i was hoping it would help with antidepressant induced ed . 
 : o okay ,  perhaps i m being a bit silly ,  but my report is the same as the majority of others . 
great product ,  but if they lightened up on the tint would be five star . 
seems they jack it up in the spring . 
but on the plus side the graphics are fantastic and not very glitchy the only decent character is koko . 
if you jog backwards it won t zoom . there s probably more ,  i just never wrote them all down . 
when i got home ,  i put in num_num agent under fire and the memory card . 
i hope to eventually use the rest of the set . 
get a nice screen protector and you will be far happier . 
i own several cuisinart brand small appliances and haven t been unhappy with any yet . 
no plastic smell and it s a very good size . 
there was a noticeable difference in my signal in areas i know i have little to no signal in . 
the battery took the charge and held it like new . 
i am surprised at the number of high marks given by other reviewers . 
yes that is the only problem .  .  . it does not blend . 
i wish i could give num_num stars ,  but i can t . 
i guess it s just any other moisturizer but not worth a higher price than a drug store product . 
enter a new area :  talk to the pc . 
i put them on the top rack of the dishwasher and they do not get warped by the heat . 
i get no lagg at all hardly watching youtube videos . 
life is wonderful and worth every penny  :   . 
tried connecting cable from my sound card on my pc to my speakers and it just buzzes and pops . 
now if rocket just wouldn t fall apart while he s running around . 
easy to get your phone out in a hurry . 
but i ve had to go back to using my wired keyboard . 
they are great for those large soups and even for salads and pasta . 
excellent value but one stopped working within days . 
this would go a long way towards restoring their brand image . 
i was so delighted with the angelhair pasta like strands that sauted beautifully in some olive oil and garlic . 
it s a great softening agent in the same way as this product . 
when you take the bar out of the wrapper ,  you ll see what i mean . 
i like that it came with a carry pouch . 
i ordered it because it was highly recommended on the food network and also on the travel channel . 
at the gun range ,  they definitely keep the sound down ,  but it s the little things that it s missing . 
i assumed that this must be a bad base . 
either way ,  i won t risk trying a replacement cable ,  and ,  for this price ,  i probably won t bother returning this . 
when my first one started falling apart after num_num years of use i decided to buy a new one . 
i use to store flavored waters or homemade coconut milk . 
when on ,  the current drain increases to num_num ma . 
i will not use any other glass containers than these bormioli rocco fido jars . 
i have many pieces from the chicago metallic line and am very happy with all of them . 
need to return; dogs irritate eyes and cant be used on them . 
these cookie cutters have a selection for virtually every holiday ,  as well as every day in between . 
the weight is great and the grip comfortable . 
the concept behind this bag is a good one . 
i took them to my neighbors and put the same dvd in their dvd player and they played . 
it still works ,  but it takes a lot more pressure . 
awesome price for a very durable ss skillet . 
the storage container and variety of sizes makes this a great value . 
if the bread is of a lighter constituency ,  it may not fully bake on the top . 
just today i overheard somebody s conversation about wanting to buy a razr and i discouraged her from doing so . 
the other issue is that the tops of the sticks are just not sticky enough . 
for me ,  this was just about enough to get the taste ,  and then they were gone . 
this was tested with a blackberry and a motorola cell phone on both speakers i bought . 
needless the say ,  the third order as well . 
even then it dials the wrong number half the time . 
we bought these traps ,  put peanut butter on them . 
it is the perfect platform for my new natural ,  latex mattress . 
so i was using this shaving cream and absolutely loved it . 
when i first introduced beneful everyone dug in . 
i work with small pieces ,  and these were perfect for the job . 
shuffle the cards and put them face down in rows . 
they are not quite as cold as real ice but pretty close . 
i let my hair air dry and it was left feeling knotted and greasy . 
it is so light and easy to handle . 
i tried this canner several times and every time the lid was a struggle to remove . 
used three of the five that it comes with . not worth it . 
i probably won t order them again for me . 
even though i rated everything else high ,  i really dislike this game . 
it is a nice looking watch but the watch would reset the time and date after a bit . 
this was a very bad ideal for a large older cat . 
it dyed my roots the awful neon purple color and then the rest was a light putrid purple . 
i just saw that it was blueberry and didn t realize it would taste more like nuts than blueberries . 
i m glad i purchased this and might be getting another one soon . 
i would try another form of training instead of this method . 
i have the white one as well and will order it again when need another one . 
but they are more like ducks in a shooting gallery . 
before we decided to buy ours and were glad that we did . 
my two year old chihuahua mix ,  jake ,  responded to it . 
love this case ,  protects my phone well ,  fits well ,  the color is a bit brighter than the pic . 
so i was happy to see amazon sold it !  i bought it and received it quickly . 
came in num_num weeks exactly ,  so far so good . 
i jus wish i could have gotten more for the price ,  like num_num instead of num_extend
he only uses the teeth chew ,  and the other piece at the top . 
will not purchase and not recommend to anyone . 
bissell is about the best i ve found for quality cleaning !  . 
my dog is too big for this toy . 
nonsense !  i was starting to think it was feeding the fleas because those bloodthirsty suckers just wouldn t die . 
bought a whole bunch of these in black ,  grey ,  and blue . 
i like to buy this brand occassionally and have never had a problem . 
the sprinkle maker was my least favorite part of it . 
the jabra can announce the name if your phone supports num_extend no instructions marked on the unit itself . 
it makes the product useless and a nice paper weight . 
even if you have to drive clear across town  as i do  ,  i guarantee ,  it s well worth the effort . 
love that has a red light that turns on to let you know it has power . 
i ve ordered online for these snacks ,  but this was my first time with this supplier . 
i didn t give sonic adventure num_num a num_num star review because many people , including my own brother enjoyed this game . 
it works great for cooking meats and pancakes ,  but has one downside . 
also gets up dust and dirt ,  and even ice melt salt that is tracked in from our front porch . 
i usually have trouble putting these on but when on without a problem and it is barely noticable !  . 
they ve even help up well through a few dish washings . 
i guess that s just the nature of the human condition . 
we are watching our figures and this popper works great in the microwave . 
i ll probably replace it with a logitech mouse before too much longer . 
after their bath and blow dry their  cuddle factor  is over the top . up date . 
long detours are required to travel between nearby locations . 
you take the lid off for the last num_num mins to crisp it up nicely . 
i mean if it shows up before feb ill rate this differently . 
used once ,  wiped it out to use again . 
so far nothing has rubbed of of smeared and it still holds a good fit on my iphone num_extend
i know it s my fault for assuming ,  but i thought it had cards slots on the cover . 
they were much larger than i imagined by the photo . 
i have tried to use this popcorn gadget on several microwave settings . 
with regular use they don t dry properly and begin to smell funky . 
my point in telling all of this is that these slippers held up great . 
hearing the massive hype ,  i fell for this games ruse and bought it . 
it is must have for people like me that don t know how to calculate things . 
i ve never drank the iphoney coolaid and don t ever want to . 
it is now a collectible and sold worldwide . my daughter was tired of her all white dinnerware ,  and requested fiestaware . 
i am personally very happy with it and intend to use it quite a bit . 
attach the hose to the sealer and the port on your foodsaver . 
i really like the cases ,  the color options ,  and the price was great . 
i m happy with this mandoline ,  glad i chose this one . 
i was going to use it to prop up my phone at work but went with another option instead . 
i had a new phone for about three weeks before dropping it for the first time . 
however ,  i still have the one from the one i burnt out ,  and it still fits . 
i used to have a regular messaging phone that drained its battery like a smartphone . 
if you follow the directions ,  you will have excellent and easy to make spaetzle . 
i love the fact that music streams wirelessly to this speaker box . 
it would help if the grill part was removable to clean . 
one line is the only good product ,  like imonster from walmart . 
the only upside to num_extend is the graphics and that it . 
i m very pale so that could be a big reason . 
i purchased a sony num_extend to play video games . 
fits and works just as well as the original carafe . 
i would say the are brittle ,  not durable . 
so ,  what s the point ?  this toy just does not work . 
great assortment of sizes ,  comes in very handy . 
that way ,  the rice is nicely separated and not starchy and mushy after it s cooked . 
organic vegetable product from pacific natural foods ,  which makes the other product we love so much . 
all this game has to offer is running around and knocking things over and slaying things . 
i was happy to find it as my processor is aged but still fit . 
while the store brands tear evenly since the seams are vertical . 
to dump the water out into the sink ,  you have to unplug it . 
if your a heavy talker that maybe a day at least . 
the clip is nice so it can be hung . 
this thing is just the ticket for any kind of mixing . 
but they come out dry and often rather flat . 
it smells bad and has a chalky texture . 
i look forward to using it on long airplane flights or train rides . 
this time ,  it wouldn t even play the disc . 
loud ,  there is no change in humidity level even if you run it on max speed in tiny room . 
as others have said ,  it is rife with indentations; nooks and crannies . 
there s some solid questions ,  but the way the game is set up it becomes confusing and monotonous pretty quickly . 
the  locks  on the case are extremely hard to open and close . 
it is a breeze to clean and does not require soaking . 
i am always having to go into the bathroom and pull it down or readjust during the day . 
it works great both ways ,  but without oil it is fluffier . 
too bad because i feel great after i drink it . 
most of the kit is still in the bag in the closet . 
my kids use it and love it works great on carrots ,  cucumber ,  ginger and apples . 
for years i have used a conair or wigo paddle brush with nylon bristles and a plastic handle . 
the small head gets up into the corners . 
not sure it is even worth it to pay for them darn things to be sent back . 
my last frother died a few weeks back ,  and i wanted a quality unit with some power . 
these canisters can certainly help you get organized in the kitchen !  . 
it wears easily and now it doesn t look that nice . 
imagine if you had a piece of blueberry pie while you were out at a nice hillside picnic . 
i virtually never have trouble with damaged goods . 
i got this today and opened it right away for my golden retriever . 
this replaced the almost exact sharp convection microwave we bought back in num_extend
they are all very lightweight and easy to toss out of the way ,  too . 
the itchiness soon after i out it on . 
at some point i know my husband will use it . 
i found it to be thick and sticky . 
now i cant trust buying something like this from here . 
the item arrived very fast and looks just as pictured . 
the wood doors here have a fire retardant finish that marks easily and is extremely difficult to patch . 
suggest thoroughly testing these upon arrival if you purchase these . 
overall it was functional while it lasted ,  but was always annoying to use . 
i found this out by research on the internet . 
they have rolled edges so there is no sharpness or need of aluminum tape . 
these are the best deal out there and run very long . 
i used to own big espresso machines ,  but they never made good coffee . 
applied the patch and rubbed it down very hard . 
in that time ,  it sputtered and coughed like an asthmatic trucker . 
might be best to try one box first . 
they are deep front to back ,  but not top to bottom . 
some of our metal lids were starting to rust a bit . 
the battery life is ample ,  even for a heavy use day . 
i didn t like the matte finish at all and quickly replaced these with another type . 
in a deep medium bowl ,  beat the egg whites to stiff peaks . 
i found chocoperfections bars satisfy the sweet craving . 
need more quality control before i buy these again . 
it plugged rapidly and lots of the smaller particles of tea made it through . 
it works well and is easier than scraping bits of dough into the pot . 
the tempered glass lid lets you see inside so you are tempted to lift the lid less often . 
call the company if you have any issues and i guarantee they will do their best to fix it . 
i bought it to manage my low thyroid . 
there is little that can go wrong with the cooker . 
then when it finally came it was broken and there was rhinestones in the packaging . 
what a great find this turned out to be . 
bought it for around $ to supplement my tiny grinder . 
it did the job and was a good buy for what we need it for . 
the mounting options allows it to work for almost any situation . 
i hit them with all head and body shots . 
give this bluetooth a try if you want to sound like you re on a  regualr phone  . 
if you know how these sandwich grills work then you ll definitely love it . 
the design of the skydock s lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove . 
i was ripped off with this ,  i dont recommend it !  it didn t last not even one week it . 
i will test with cake tester in more places next time . 
charger works with all micro usb phones mot and lg . 
i have been using it for several weeks now and have had no problems . 
as well ,  a new design will most likely have a fresher date . 
this is one of those things i can honestly say you just shouldn t buy . 
it s wonderful for cooking a single serving of hot rice cereal in the morning . 
the clear part is actually clear and you can see even the detail on the back of the case . 
i m probably better off jogging in a sport bra . 
i ve yet to find anything of similar size and sound quality even close to $
this does indeed pop gourmet kernels with hot air only ,  and it does get hot . 
for this product to work properly ,  you have to have tension on either side of the wrapping paper . 
grease leaks from the joint of the worm . 
you can t shoot your friends in the back of the head ,  which my fellow gamers appreciated greatly . 
after num_num out of num_num burns resulted in errors ,  i thought that something might be amiss . 
and onions get stuck on the blades and you have to open it to get it free . 
this rack is exactly what is needed for a big turkey or any big roast . 
these pills ran my blood pressure up and caused me to be a little gittery . 
i went to walmart and purchased a cover for a uniflame grill which fits and has velcro straps . 
potentially a good knife if it locked like the original post stated . 
i would definitely buy this again if i needed to . 
give it a pass unless you have a small animal using this ,  like a kitten or maybe a rabbit . 
plug fits nice and tight on my galaxy num_extend num_extend also works with my nexus num_extend
so instead i use it as a neck pillow for when i am laying on my back in bed . 
felt and looked like a good kitchen item when it arrived . 
however ,  if you just like playing the games ,  i honestly must say for you to pass this up . 
i used it with yes to tomatoes shampoo . 
i ve previously used body washes by aveeno ,  alba ,  nature s gate and yes to carrots ,  with no ill effects . 
this product should have been sent to me num_num weeks ago and i ve still not received it . 
it was hard to use and didn t make my tongue feel any better . 
basically think lunchables without the need to be placed into the fridge . 
the next one was stolen out of shopping cart at age two days . 
i was on a budget and found online an unlocked hp ipaq model num_extend
this stone is just like my old one which broke recently . 
i went to t mobile to buy a car charger and they wanted num_extend
it came early ,  works well and right for the price !  . 
what i actually received was giant chunks of cocoa butter instead of little discs for easy measuring . 
this spray  like the deva curl mister right  ,  left my hair feeling sticky . 
compared to an android the screen doesn t have that kind of wooing num_extend
one storm system can bring dozens of alerts to a county . 
the missions could have been great but ,  the poor environment detail and overall reality just cannot be overlooked . 
wand is so flimsy and hard to hold for an adult let alone a child . 
overall ,  good quality for the price i paid . 
tiny mirror ,  couldn t figure out how to work it . 
i never understood why this happened ,  it just did . it s not a very good game . 
you kinda have to fight with it alittle . 
fits three small cans across ,  or two standard size with quite a bit of wasted space . 
the large plunger is indeed quite comfortable and it chops like a dream . 
they cuy through just about anything i have to work on . 
thq boasts a gameworld larger than both zeldas combined ,  and this is certainly true . 
it s like a corded vacuum when running on full power . 
i wouldn t recommend these shoes even for the price . 
i am not satisfied with this productat all for many reason after all . 
the base is not heavy enough to balance the num_extend on it . 
the grinder s overall shape is a kind of squat ,  slightly bulging cone ,  with a flare at the bottom . 
i can only speak of my very limited experence using these . 
take some chocolate milk ,  cool whip and eagle brand milk . 
ya know ,  i ve had many renditions of this ,  but this one makes me very happy . 
lodge makes the best cast iron cookware and the price cannot be beat . 
the idea of no more wires was exciting to me when i got my new consoles . 
these are solid ,  heavy crackers that should stand up to the hardest walnut or the biggest lobster . 
now i can eat even more banana bread !  . 
just turn down the burner to medium once the valve starts rocking . 
then i upgraded to color phones and tried the other motos . 
its still slim enough that it doesn t feel like you are carrying a brick around . 
let me explain :  when you slam your opponent ,  her face is completely submeged in the mud . 
i m fairly sure this product is the cause . 
i ordered this from qvc and i have used it several times ,  not terribly impressed ,  particularly with the price . 
as a result ,  your ground sausage meat ends up getting ground again by the worm feeder . 
easy to use and rolls out both crusts very evenly . 
these are part of a fine system that reliably cleans water . 
this food processor replaced the cuisinart of virtually the same design that i got for christmas ,  num_extend
i haven t actually used these yet ,  but i am very familiar with ateco cutters . 
the makeup came with a thick black stripe across the jar . 
i really didn t notice elmo on the package ?  these are for kids more than adults . 
when a lens clearly does not meet those high standards ,  i return it . 
so far the latch others speak of has not broken . 
i can t see any reason why anyone would want this toy anywhere around them . 
i used this to charge my lg env touch phone and an num_extend player in the car . 
the material just seems too rough for that . anywho ,  so far ,  this is a bust . 
this can opener more than exceeded my expectations . 
a month was not long enough to teach my new dog not to bark . 
other than that ,  these bags have been frustrating in the extreme !  . 
i ended up with my rechargeable batteries scratched not that i care num_extend
you might consider it if you want a powerful and efficient heater that s not as loud . 
containers were a little smaller than expected ,  but worth the price . 
i thought if i left num_num spare mags in it for a while it would loosen up .  .  . nope . 
this makes cooking  well ,  the chopping part anyway  a pleasure . 
when i heard a new spyro game was out ,  i happily rented it . 
i do not recommend this screen protector to anybody . 
the shipping was faster than expected and they arrived in perfect condition . 
when cleaning with lye you have to be carful and not drop the lid . 
further ,  the dough began sticking to the machine and wouldn t go through fully . 
you peel off one of the masks and apply the screen guard to your phone using the plastic . 
its a flimsy piece of plastic that will easily crack if flexed . 
it stores upright in cabinets to save space . 
procedure :  took off the cover and gently spun the mechanism . 
she had to check with a supervisor twice to finally discover the problem . 
frankly ,  i was quite surprised listening to them . 
it s safe to say that the  original  fans of ape escape were pretty shocked when they played this game . 
when it begins to fail ,  the digital display on the control will flash on and off . 
the next day ,  again ,  i was only given the above num_num parts . 
i recommend this to anyone looking for a good spoon dish stand !  . 
i expanded this to maximum length num_extend to hold my num_extend planter that already had herbs growing in it . 
this is the only armband i have found that fits the phone without having to take off the case . 
but it simply could not manage the job . 
it does actually do what it says but expect certain things . 
this cooked the eggs ,  but completely destroyed them in the process . 
the inner silicone layer provides shock protection and the outer plastic layer keeps the case sturdy and slick . 
they are too big ,  awkward ,  and too fragile to take outside of the home . 
this is one of the most obnoxious toys my children have ever been given . 
the result is dropping this over and over ,  and it is now in pieces . 
i don t know ,  but it will be my last . 
since my cat prefers the fish and seafood flavors i thought this would be terrific . 
please be careful with these cubes .  .  . i would hate to see another kitty go through what christmas did . 
the  wheel  ,  which holds your wiimote ,  is sturdy but it s not easy to steer at all . 
i can even grind spices in this baby without having to worry about  celery seed coffee  the next day . 
but ,  the set is well worth the price . 
after used it a while ,  it starts losing left speaker sound and it diminished volume . 
more steps back ,  a few steps forward ,  but no other choiuce . 
has a hole in the bottom for paranoia checks  lol !   . 
the shirt fit well ,  but the buttons are located in a weird layout . 
i always can use extra cords for my cell phone ya know thank you amazon . 
unfortunately this is not compatible with nexus num_extend
i only use cast iron but my biggest pan was only num_num in . 
i ve broken chains before but not this new . 
drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel . 
this product is wonderful for biscuits or cookies alike due to the height of the cutter . 
however ,  it is in our bedroom and nobody will see it anyway . 
i usually have my phone plugged in if i m in the car for long to keep it charged . 
don t over fill with kernals ,  that is ,  don t go beyond the line they recommend . 
yes ,  this item is convenient at measuring liquids . 
this is a very cute case but it does not fit my phone very good . 
the alarm is loud enough to wake me without startling me . 
don t be like us ,  get a dedicated meat grinder with a reverse function . 
i bought num_num and never use any of them . 
like disney trying to make part num_extend and num_extend for their classic disney movies . 
everyone i talked to said i should season it . 
i was really upset when i opened this and started to clean the lens on my new nikon num_extend
i don t like phoebe s new hair color at all . 
this adds a little more space to my spice cabinet . 
this keeps the board in a pristine condition and should be considered necessary care for long life . 
i gave it num_num stars only because of the scent ,  i felt like eating it lol . 
at fisrt was impressed by the revisions to the guides . 
i will not buy again i don t think . 
and everything  besides the base ,  of course  is dishwasher safe . 
no matter what length of time i brew it for ,  all i taste is the paper bag . 
the screen is actually flat with the glass getting thinner in the middle to give the outside a curve . 
not ever using a burr grinder before i am not sure why this happens or even if it should . 
also ,  those machines you can rent from the grocery store are a lot more powerful . 
glad we did the research and bought it . 
problem is the part that breaks cannot be fixed . 
very close to the size and style of it and we have had no issues at all . 
all phone controls and buttons are easily accessible . 
i bought this popper after reading several negative articles about microwaved popcorn . 
some results were good ,  some poor and others just ok . 
great for swapping out in the middle of pastures while hunting . 
i ve read forums where many have had problems with starforce and had more problens when trying to remove starforce . 
sound quality is good and quite loud on my galaxy num_extend
my husband loved this gift and plans on using it when we get home . 
they sent me the nj legal ,  watered down version . 
it s just a really good ,  good cup of coffee . 
color is excellent ,  price ,  shipping time ,  and packing were good . 
it has a sleek design which i like . 
sadly ,  it appears they focus on the surface appeal of their products and scrimp on the actual functionality . 
all in all ,  i really loved this phone when i had it . 
i decided on the uncoated version ,  since most of my recipes call for greased and floured pans . 
worth trying out or buying when the price is nice and low . 
when it comes to a boil ,  let it roll for about num_num seconds . 
you chose a vehicle ,  raced like mad and picked the most opportune time to crash . 
it works ,  it looks good and thats that . 
there is nothing about it that sticks out . avoid this game . 
the defender is an excellent product and has defended the iphone from many a disaster . 
got rid of our older generation champagne capper for this one . 
once you ve pointed at the thing ,  you just shoot it . 
wrong !  !  !  !  there is about num_num charactors missing from the num_num version for some unknown reason . 
big mistake on my part shelling out money for this on the basis of what i read . 
this lens has paint on it !  this lens makes noise . 
i started with liquid fertilizers then realized they would get expensive and switched . 
i dropped my phone face down about num_num week after i received the case and it bounced . 
on the bottom and steamed the shrimp on the steamer rack . 
as many other reviews have emphasized ,  they re all natural and not needlessly bleached like other paper filters out there . 
i decided that i should get one of mine own . 
my cat wont play with it at all ,  so i will have to give it away . 
the bottle opener is also great for opening those stubborn soda bottles . 
this was after having two lesser models where the drive mechanism on the bottom simply melted . 
there seems to be too many perfectionists out there .  .  . just scramble and cook if ya can t get it perfect !  . 
but it does not fit well ,  i bought it this on sale and did not try for a month . 
we needed something to help chop their food and our food easier . 
i kinda thought they were doing something wrong . 
i search for bargains and i m all about trying to save a dollar . 
a battery at the sprint store was $ i could buy many of these for that price . 
but ,  motorola has a battery recharge pack that does the trick without being connected to a power source . 
cuisinart thought about ease of use and implemented it well . 
i m guessing that the maple syrup added to the mix has ,  at some point crystallized . 
add the cost of the  jet clean  fluid and i would not buy that toy again . 
let s face it ,  all mario parties stink ,  but this is just plain horrible . 
all we need is an independent and vetted impartial nutrition laboratory to really find out for us . 
after a week of drying out ,  it still works . 
i d give this game num_num stars if that was possible . 
it s minor ,  really ,  but if it annoyed me it may do the same thing for you . 
this is my second pair ,  i love them so much . 
just to be safe i do pour it over the sink . 
 the cast iron skillet cookbook  ,  by sharon kramis is great to go with this pan . 
time to extinguish buildings ,  defeat monsters or villains ,  and just make sure metropolis s health bar doesn t reach zero . 
depending on the quality of your knives and technique ,  these might be ok . 
if they had a standard two pole tent they could have simply picked it up and moved it . 
don t pull it of when the phone is on ,  it does some thing to the sim card . 
i wish i would have purchased this sooner !  . 
background noise is not noticably reduced ,  and there is a noticable echo when walking in the mall . 
after one minute ,  she just left it on the floor to play with a ball or chew bone instead . 
don t buy something just because it is made by a reputable company . 
it did absolutely nothing for my fine hair . 
the evo is still amazing me after two months . 
i use this one for cookies and it is wonderful . 
plus the hinge is designed to be more durable . 
i am thrilled with my kitchenaid mixer ,  the kitchenaid company ,  and always with amazon . com !  . 
it is one solid piece so you don t have to worry about it falling apart . 
soups and stews can be ready in a few hours instead of num_extend
it s the perfect size for large lemons and limes . 
the connection balls are too spongy and they really don t hold a shade to support itself . 
i read some of the negative reviews and am not sure what these people got . 
the rest his touch system and processor is fast and sensitive . 
yes ,  it is more expensive ,  but i don t have to clean up hulls . 
a cover would be very useful and a practical addition . 
i haven t had a problem since i bought them . 
i would spend a few extra dollars to get a descent cable . 
the case fits great but it only covers the back of the iphone . 
it takes a long time to file num_num nails . 
it s going back today since i am within num_num days . 
i buy just this brand so i do not have trouble matching tops . 
i will not be purchasing these again anytime soon . 
i can steam num_num dumplings in my steamer in foil and they come out perfectly . 
an enemy pops up and pelts me with bullets . 
i thought perhaps the cd was bad ,  so i burned another one . 
if you re working on a feast ,  the removal of the cones while the attachment is installed is a snap . 
i am trying to get a refund from amazon as well . 
this should be available for all phones ,  because the higher the price the shorter the battery life . 
not the same as one i purchased from salon a few years ago . 
i had been looking for this product for quite some time . 
not a single song is complete and i don t understand why . 
i bought some sort of protein treatment from this company years ago and it made my hair hard . 
it holds a pretty decent charge when used for an iphone  haven t tried it on anything else  . 
i guess you get what you pay for . 
best part is that the timer is digital . 
i didn t have any really dull knives so i ve just been using the num_extend stage . 
i got this for my brother and he uses it all the time in the car . 
we should not be eating this . don t believe the hype . 
i have had one for about a year ,  and i ve never used it . also ,  they are bulky . 
ok it could happen i got the one bad filter on the rack ,  but unlikely . 
i used this in place of sugar for things like iced tea and coffee . 
this is a great little tool to keep around and not just for light laundry as one might think . 
the oster only had a crust setting that you could adjust for each num_extend
wow  !  !  !  how i wish that i had come across this  baby  a long ,  long time ago . 
so i am upgrading to a steamer which allows me to do this . 
i bought a few extra hooks ,  but only used a couple . the price is extraordinary for the quality . 
or wait for it to hit the bargain bin ,  it ll be there in a few weeks . 
it is not repairable . i bought them because of the volume control and travel case . 
it sits vibration free on the counter while grinding . 
it paired and set up more easily than any other headset i have ever had . 
it most certianly does not do as advertised !  mostly worthless . 
it works so well it seems to be designed with me in mind . 
i returned this strainer because i found one at the dollar store . 
the sounds come through perfectly and they block the noise from the gym . 
i have owned cases by otterbox ,  case mate ,  and so on and so forth . 
i have nothing but praise for this product and the delivery time was exceptional . 
however ,  it now has a huge rip in the seam after less than num_num months of moderate use . 
the can be used for oils ,  vinegars ,  and soaps . 
i found that other people have had the same problem by searching the internet . 
i wanted to try this  gb special  since the price was right at under seven dollars . 
after moving some of the kibble ,  i could see right away that the motor was barely moving . 
the primary ingredient is oats ,  followed closely by corn syrup . 
i oiled it a year a ago when i first got it ,  and it s still looks great . 
wonderful in theory but the pack i received today has a best used by date within num_num days . 
not much else to say other than it makes coffee the way your want and quickly . 
i still have my miu num_num quart and love it . 
that also includes any funcom game including their upcoming mmorpg . 
i do prefer the bleached filters ,  as i think the unbleached filters have a papery taste . 
the leftover oil is clear and not burnt ,  and so can be refrigerated for a couple days and reused . 
anyone who owns or has played ssx num_num would know . 
now we ll see whether the racks begin to  sag  as quickly as the toaster in the september review . 
i used passion flower befor this is tne worst . 
also ,  the strong odor holds the dog s concentration and makes it difficult to attend to what i am instructing . 
like slicing through butter ! quite frankly i would never abuse a fine piece of china nor a good knife . 
the base is loose and falls over all the time . 
i don t need to say much abut protection . 
they were smaller than i would have thoughtthey would be . 
the timing mechanism will last a long time but the hinge on the counter stand is weak . 
the pocket is handy also to store book and favorite receipts . 
that s why sega s num_extend saga is the new and better generation of baskerball games . 
battery seems to be just as good out of the box . 
the powder mix was still in its original form . 
so ,  the beginning of this game is not too bad ,  and i was mildly interested in the gameplay . 
the charge was reported to be much better . 
these are sturdy and have been so useful for everything from birthday cakes and cheese cakes including casseroles . 
add to that the seasoning process and long term care required ,  i passed for years . 
reading the discussion forum gives you an idea of the huge number of problems this game has . 
so i will continue taking him to the groomers ,  it s easier on both of us !  . 
the rockout sounds muffeled ,  because of the way it is designed . 
you can t send a kid s gift in a plain brown box . 
i use this mount in conjunction with my evo num_extend phone which has a very large touchscreen . 
as in ,  well a straight line of gameplay . 
i bought this to grind herbs with ,  i was getting tired of crushing them . 
if you heat them first no stick to them . 
i d suggest buying the smallest bottle and giving it a try before stocking up on it . 
if i could use it with no smell ,  i might like it better . 
i mean ,  it s plastic ,  so how much could it cost to make . 
fun for a bit ,  but not for hours and hours of filler . 
but i was able to put this on without error . 
there is some hidden material inside of the card slot that holds num_extend num_extend or num_num cards equally well . 
the  honestly ,  rather glorious  screen of the iphone num_extend shines through and colors are not affected . 
would recommend this to anyone who is still using the thunderbolt . 
there is a button which allows you to answer a call even while you are listening to music . 
the bagless design is efficient and terrific ,  and it has been a real pleasure to vacuum with this machine . 
my tub is an oval and regardless of how hard i try it will not stick . 
even as a kid ,  there wasn t one in the house . 
the brush you get may look nothing like this brush . 
you can drop a badguy in some ways so the others ignore his death ,  even walking over the body . 
i bought mine through another online pet store . 
i feel the cardo is a better unit for comperable price . my first bluetooth was a motorola . 
i do not know if he will eventually like it ,  but i will update if that is the case . 
the paint job was either very poor ,  or this knife was a used knife . 
i think some companies just have the right attitude . 
biceps .   however ,  after about num_num tries i can now easily start and open any can in the house . 
finally it seemed to be securley fastened to my rear rack bars . 
it s amazing to see all that dirt flow up and know it had been in the carpet . 
it is also very light weight which adds to the instability . 
the cups extend to the side fine but there is no room for the breast to fill the cup . 
the time display along with the auto and program features are not illuminated and hard to read . 
it took over a year ,  but began to showing rib marks on the corners revealing a white color . 
it spewed coffee grounds into the coffee which tasted weird and watery . 
the grinder seems to be very well made; it s metal and fairly heavy . 
we also use atopica as recommended by the vet . 
it s no wonder the pan arrived in pieces . 
i don t know what happened but i d say that reef s standards are falling . 
didn t find that this product did anything for me . 
terrible !  !  !  !  !  i was so loyal to this brand and this flavor but i cannot drink it anymore . 
oh !  this game was so boring and not entertaining at all !  i uninstalled this game from my pc . 
since some guests prefer sugar or unsweetened ,  i normally add sweetener when i pour a glass of tea . 
these insoles give a lot of support across the arch ,  thats the good part . 
i intially tried to make it work with just two people that is simply not possible with this game . 
it s so big it barely fits in the sink . 
i walk a lot and this shoe was not good for me . 
it is fantastic ,  powerful enough to beat the heaviest dough and beat delicate egg whites to perfection . 
it s not a pretty sound ,  but hey ,  it s a buzzer . 
it seems to be a good buy for some but i m passing . 
the machine will gurgle gurgle for a few minutes and then there will be coffee . 
well ,  as i expected this web site is invalid or inaccesible . 
guess what will be under the tree wrapped just for her ?  . 
i am pleased with these shears in every way . 
what is there not to love about paper mini muffin cups . 
there are two tracks and it happens on both of them . 
i went out to a store and found a much more comfortable pair of headphones . 
you pay for what you get i guess lol . 
she ll chew on them for a few minutes and leave them . 
the inbuilt voice tells you when it is turned on or off ,  and the fm transmitter frequency . 
the orville redenbacher popcorn also only left a few kernels unpopped each time . 
i contacted regency wraps before i bought these ,  and this is not silicone ,  nor is it parchment . 
not exactly what you are looking for when using . 
it feels cheap and a bit rigid ,  almost like plastic . 
i m not slamming the game itself ,  but rather their policy . 
simple machine that provides a simple service ,  hot tasty coffee . 
from start to finish it took about an hour and a half to make a batch of num_num ravioli s . 
shouldn t have done that .  and so far ,  i can t even get the game to play . 
pass them on to your grandchildren who can do the same . 
after reading the reviews i decided to purchase this one . 
the num_extend width closely matches the largest diameter pizza typically made at home :  num_extend
i have always liked braun  more consistently good than krups or cuisinart  for their design and ergonomics . 
a couple of years ago nintendo stated that gamers didn t care about playing games online . 
some of the others would lose their connection when i paused my music for very long . 
i stopped by friday afternoon  the next day  to check on him . 
not !  i have warned others that kitchen aid is turning junk out at premium price . 
it turned out to be the most useful item in my kitchen . 
this  dock  was like doing brain surgery to get placed properly to charge . 
it plays cd but it takes a second or num_num to skip to songs . 
i m totally donating this to goodwill and getting a different one . 
the filter is very easy to clean and is always there and ready to do its job . 
when you are cooking ,  and in a bit of a time crunch the extra bowl can be so helpful . 
yes ,  they contain sulfites ,  but that makes them pliable and easy to cut up for cooking . 
there was no scraping of the bowl needed during the mixing process . 
i had no problem locating an active mole path and installed the trap . 
based on my experience ,  i cannot advise anyone to purchase it . 
passable if you add hot sauce and tortilla chips . 
just not worth it . personal opinion ,  pass on this one . 
its awful !  !  tiny items and most have ended up or will be in the recycle bin . 
notes :  i paid $ for each jabra stone from an internet company . 
i bought these for just under $ a few months ago . 
i have enjoyed playing adventure games ,  like those by dreamcather . 
the price was a steal on gold box day . 
i would just recommend going to your nearest drug store and purchasing it from there . 
to be honest ,  what worked for me was taking biotin every day . 
i am usually a size lare; however ,  i ordered xxl to have a bit of extra room . 
i didn t like the feel of the hair . 
it was very fresh and chewy but really has no flavor outside of a slightly chemical taste . 
unless your hog or coon hunting at night it is nearly unusable . 
the eye chart is adorable ,  but could have been placed lower . 
had i read all the other reviews , i would have not made this purchase . 
it was not the worst thing i ever ate but not all that good either . 
i took the time to examine many  high end  coffee makers . 
this gum completely loses its flavor within num_num minutes ,  maybe less . 
this product that i purchased on amazon smells different and has a totally different color . 
food tv also said the best peelers had serrated edges ,  which really makes a difference . 
they are very ,  very well constructed ,  sturdy and balanced ,  and do a great job on even the toughest foods . 
this is one of those times ,  but not in the manner your thinking . 
finally ,  i ordered this battery since mine was going dead and malfunctioning during the day . 
snug fit !  easy to put on and remove when needed . 
i simply keep topping the battery up whenever i m home and near the charger . 
as others have mentioned ,  the funnel tip is too wide to fit into a standard wine bottle . 
that said ,  it is very effective against light . 
the one i am reviewing herein is for the samsung captivate smartphone . 
this is num_extend either as stated .  .  . it is num_extend i believe .  .  . pretty shitty steel . 
it came out sloppy ,  and thus was just a waist of money and time . 
its strong ,  not delicate ,  which is good for a dispenser ,  and it dispenses soap good ,  and looks tidy . 
keep the flame within the diameter of the disc . 
i this this product would work really well with a second person involved to apply the product . 
if i want a more natural product ,  i am going to do some more thorough research next time out . 
i m a car guy who used to own a custom detail shop and who has his cars detailed regularly . 
i also noticed that the drink left a slight yellowing on my mug which i had to scrub off . 
i would definately think about renting this game ,  but avoid purchasing it . 
sturdy ,  a little bulky like every otter box . 
you will be mind blown with the finished product and it will last much longer . 
i even found some in my bedroom down the hall this morning . 
black is my favorite color and it looks very professional on my phone . 
now i have to spend more money and find a real white . 
when i set the timer ,  the heat remains for a long time after it shuts off . 
just be certain you are willing to pay to only get half of what is advertised . 
no wonder ours arrived with the styrofoam pieces pulverized inside the box and the baker having experienced a chip . 
soda bottles ,  you will require num_num num_num oz . 
this is my first time trying kava brand coffee and it will be my last . 
they have eaten other wellness products with no problem . 
have tried my best to wear it out . 
i also felt like the price was very expensive . 
love not having the cords getting tangled in car . 
i ve used the flavorless jarrow s coconut oil  the red package  for quite some time and really love the product . 
i believe a shampooer will get deeper into the fibers of the carpet . 
$ less then the same item new here on amazon . 
my only regret is that i didn t buy it much sooner !  . 
for example ,  whales don t actually sing whale songs . 
after leaving at work all the time and not having a replacement i invested in another one . 
i m no coffee aficionado ,  but i ve got no complaints about this standard coffee maker . 
this item does what it is advertised to do . 
the blade is about the same size as my hand . 
 the internet s out again !  no our linksys router has stopped working and needs to be reset again . 
the coffee flavor is off ,  and the drink has a weird after taste . 
your car will drive through anything and everything . 
i have gotten the really cheap kind before and regretted it . 
is one large piece preforated and you tear along preforation that fits your machine width . 
i hope this seal is heavy duty enough not to wear out quickly . 
the problem with star trek games is that they try to be too much like star trek . 
amazon prime shipping is priceless for any parent . 
hermione can access tight spaces that the others can t . 
it always feathers and balls up on my skin . 
i have had good luck with similar suction hooks ,  but this one didn t want to work for me . 
i used this a few times and my hair looked really dirty and greasy afterwards . 
overall this product is a good investment and pasys for itself in one use . 
beware that the only thing you will lose is money . 
i have been % with the performance of this blender . 
speaker is excellent ,  fm transmittercons :  lasts for a year or so ,  mic is just ok especially on highways . 
this case arrived flat ,  not what i wanted . 
i bought mine used and it works perfectly . 
fabulous !  the iron glides better than any other brand or other rowenta iron i ve ever used . 
sometimes the blades pop off ,  occasionally with the spring in tow ,  and i have to start over again . 
finger prints show up on the case ,  but easliy can wipe away . 
this caddy serves the purpose of holding a sponge and a liquid dishwashing soap . 
the worst part of this mascara was not it s performance . 
we get together another time and play one of the other box scenarios . 
this is a fabulous juicer and for the price it really can t be beat . 
i really love this case compared to the others i ve had . 
and when i went to make coffee ,  it spewed steam everywhere . 
i have a few complaints but really it s not worth discussing them all . 
just be careful when rewinding so the cord doesn t get crimped and breaks the very tiny wires inside . 
have been used on icraps  don t like the ipad  ,  asus ,  motorola s and htc s with very good results . 
it was easy to screw together and required zero tools . 
you can have navigation speak in your voice or in many languages . 
you rarely see the phantom catches or tackle ,  and players don t go through other players . 
this solves the problem of battery life and adds extra grip to the phone . 
many other options to keep little ones busy are available for this price . 
case is durable and phone can be removed easily an placed back into the case . 
i have a num_extend tip and found it to do the trick . 
usually they screw around with the story mode . 
of course ,  if you re serious about saving some cash . 
look elsewhere before you drop $ on these boots . 
it s ok ,  but we prefer perked coffee . amazon refunded the full price including shipping immediately on receipt of the return . 
before i got this knife ,  they were using my butter knives to open shells ,  hence the bent ends . 
did my research ,  looked at all the reviews ,  read the labels ,  bought this dog food . 
problem was in rubbing off i deleted some digits . 
doesn t have a lot of power to slice through certain foods . 
she loves it and uses it all the time . 
and even then ,  i don t see how you could get one that won t leak . 
attempted to contact seller with no response after one week . 
i received my reconditioned waring juice extractor today . 
works great and good screens and is clear not blurry and works wonderful on the phone . 
next ,  why would they not turn on sometimes ?  i found this one by accident . 
the two ends of coiled area snap together . 
the shipping was prompt and everything was well packaged . 
not even my one cat who will eat absolutely anything will eat these awful things . 
look somewhere else . this is basically civilization num_num with improved graphics and sound . 
but you wind up having to fight off the zombies . 
they protect my phone like no other; i trust them to keep my spendy device safe and sound . 
heat :  pro :  none con :  this unit does not have an additional heater in the system . 
i really love coconut water and was so disappointed to have waste my money . 
i took it home and hooked up the unit and got started recording my first movie . 
i used to buy a num_extend of envelopes from walgreens for about five bucks . 
when you need to join two pieces of num_extend  ethernet  cable together this is a must . 
this squeezes a hugh amount of juice in a short period of time and does it well . 
it globs up very quickly and i have only used it twice and it needed to be thrown out . 
i have been using the crkt minimalist neck knives and love them . 
recommend only using one earbud when on the phone . 
we have had great success with the little people sets previously . 
i have been using these foodsaver brand rolls for several years . 
the fixed version is holding up so far . 
i even tried several pieces hoping it was something that would get better . 
i had this camera for a week and had to return it to the store . 
i bought this for my boyfriend who can be accident prone . 
my daughter loves all the ones we have and they are educational and durable . 
the case i was using was given to me by my wife ,  after she upgraded to a different case . 
but i wouldn t pay more than that for them . 
num_extend call sometimes dumps . good noise control on transmit . 
it does a fine job on scrubbing vegetables . 
not the most comportable longline bra i have purchased . 
however ,  the description for this product clearly states it works with ipad . 
it is an insult to the pc version of soldier of fortune . 
they d be great to give a kid who is starting up their apartment ,  and fine for a bachelor . 
this was my first cooker and it worked great . 
streamzap acknowledged the problem on prior versions of the driver but it still exists to this day . 
these forks are not even as nice as the ones you get with your chinese takeout . 
something better than this needs to be implemented . other design flaws num_extend
my boy will live till at least num_num or num_extend
some research shows there are various health concerns about msg . 
the chrome one is very shiny which is hard to tell from the product pictures . 
i always use soap when i wash it . 
insanity could ,  at the very least ,  been a stand in for a reason !  so ,  the story was .  .  . pitiful . 
i love the way it fits and i think it will protect my phone . 
i stopped making and eating bread; i know am at my proper weight of num_extend
i normally leae them laying around in the car or on my desk . 
i received this a few days ago from amazon . 
i had an older htc and this puts it to shame . 
i really like it ,  except that it doesn t oscillate anymore . 
but now everyone has a cell phone ,  the soviet union is no more .  .  . you know .  .  . things change . 
i d buy another one if the need arose . 
i prefer no sugar and organic ,  but organic no sugar ones were hard to find in my local stores . 
tried taking less for a longer period of time and it does nothing . 
apply a bit of petroleum jelly to the joints where they move . 
one drop broke this one and the backing fell off before that . 
there are so many wonderful things to say about this mixer . 
i found this name brand version to be sturdy and well worth the purchase . 
i will be looking elsewhere for bluetooth headsets . gotta have one that stays connected . 
it s a sturdy case ,  and the leather looks good .  .  . but still kinda has a cheap looking feeling to it . 
now i talk on the road all the time because the jabra makes it too easy . 
didn t last more than a few months in a calculator that i virtually never use . 
i figured when i bought it that i would be able to see the game i was playing . 
also note that flexogen is a patented hose . 
to clean the inside run alcohol through the unit . 
we then returned this doll at least num_extend weeks after the new year  january num_extend
they last a long time ,  will be purchasing replacement gaskets here as i need them . 
it only took a few weeks for one bar to break . 
as soon as i opened the container i knew something was wrong . 
so i contacted amazon and they sent me a replacement . 
the true test will be the item s durability and battery life ,  which only time will tell . 
in this slow cooker ,  it took about five hours to cook the potatoes before i could mash them . 
came as advertised and in perfect working condition . 
this is a really nice set of cookware . 
it simply gives you all the options you could want in a tiny package that is road ready . 
i love to use it for a quick snack for my daughter . 
this stuff is bad ,  all the way around . 
they should atleast be able to provide a clearer sound . 
it seems to be well constructed and should hang in there for the long run . 
there is also not a visible fill window on the outside of the coffee maker . 
very responsive and also very clear with the same resolution as the original . 
but both units had problems with the ball joint ,  which is about the most important component . 
the graphics on this game were very disapointing and the gameplay is not too great either . 
unfortunately ,  this battery pack seems to lose its charge fairly quickly . 
i did use the ceramic little pots on a taller butter warmer and they ran a nice even temperature . 
i m now conviced wii controller does not work with action games . 
omega num_num  a fatty acid ?   killed your family ,  and now they re going to blow up the world . 
it comes with instructions and all tools needed to install on anything . 
i was less than thrilled when i dropped my motorola atrix the second day i had it . 
in the first ofp ,  you drown in the water . 
she loves to hunt or pretend she can catch stuff ,  although she did nab a mole while on leash . 
the belt clip swivels num_num degrees ,  so you can position your phone at pretty much any angle . 
i am a kirby fan but this is not worth no num_extend or num_extend
works the way it should ,  no complaints here !  it was in great condition when i received it . 
when you look through the eye piece you can only see about % of the viewing area . 
i realize i could just buy a new battery and be done with it . 
i bought this tool to roll the dough for ravioli over the ravioli molds . 
overall for the price ,  this is a very solid product and saved me many times . 
glass is much cleaner and healthier than plastic ,  ceramic or painted bowls . 
it is terrible for any cat i think ,  but especially kittens . 
we only rinse it off with warm water and let it dry . 
the manicure did not last me a week num_extend days tops  . 
but ,  the stereo sound for my music is just fantastic . 
however ,  all of the golem characters have voice blurbs too but they re all in japanese . 
finally ,  i gave it to a friend who is much larger than me . 
trust me ,  you ll have coffee grinds all over the place when you use it . 
let s just say that you get what you pay for and leave it at that . 
if you use a bottle opener ,  it bends the lid ,  making it unusable . 
there are several online recipies ,  and some in the book it comes with . 
i have had trouble making this fit for my car . 
my original num_extend battery was definitely bad since the charge lasted only a couple hours . 
i have a very tolerant stomach but this product burns internally and causes nausea . 
all of my cuisinart pots and pans have the same qualities . 
they almost look like colored silicone inlaid in the plastic handle ,  but i m not sure . 
in the future i will not be purchasing celestial seasonings peppermint tea . 
it far exceeds my greatest expectations ,  holding heavy jackets and coats without any problem . 
it s big enough to work really well for canning . 
i don t know what it was but i guess my body just doesn t agree with it . 
as you can tell by the last num_num or so posts this seller is selling counterfeit wii nunchuks . 
in theory that was a good idea ,  in practice different story however . 
% sure if i hit a bump they ll come loose and turn off . 
but i wish i had saved my money and just bought a higher quality headphone set sooner . 
this was ,  in fairness ,  an  inexpensive  splitter and i should have known better . 
not only does it save time ,  but it saves frustration . 
i say you get what you pay for . 
it s very close to the pictured color or a  lime  tone . 
my previous nokia num_extend battery lasted nearly three years ,  and just got weak . 
this is the num_extend fibrox knife i ve ordered . 
they have a kong treat dispenser and some other generic one that they love . 
you should decide which one you want before you buy . 
it has gotten the nickname ,   bee hive  in my house . 
my heavy stainless steel pots just take too long to heat . 
i was seriously afraid of getting type num_num diabetes and sending my kidneys into failure . 
after a full nights charge i put it to the test ,  did all the things i bought it for . 
i ve got an ipad and an iphone and found this stylus to work well with both . 
thus ,  it is important to get them as many chew toys as possible . 
others with curly hair  mine is also long  know how important a conditioner is for maintaining their hair . 
i empty it after every two uses or so and we have three cats and a dog . 
i ,  as human ,  realize i m not the target audience for dog treats . 
no wonder it s num_num servings from only num_extend
the quality is wonderfull and well thought num_extend
don t like that this is not an adjustable sizing product . 
i m so jealous that others have had a great experience with this fragrance . 
i d give foxy curls zero stars if possible . 
disappointed ,  because the color in the picture would have matched my bike highlights perfectly . 
and at the end of the night the battery  is almost dead  .  . i expected better . 
i tried using just the tips of the tweezers . 
save up your money and buy something a little more worth the money . 
since it has a curved front end ,  it fits very snugly over the surface of the wok . 
the people reviewing these that say they are great have never used a good iphone screen protector . 
to me that sort of decor is a waste ,  but this is the best iphone num_num case . 
anyways .  .  . many of the noodles were broken ,  so be aware of that if ordering vs . 
this is one of two essential tools for keeping your knives maintained in tip top shape . 
i love the purple color and it fits my phone perfectly !  it s soft and feels sturdy . 
make sure you wash your hands and clean the screen good . 
these are the knives i reach for everyday . 
this product did not feel very moisturizing ,  but it made me break out . 
although i followed the instructions ,  tried several baiting techniques ,  and i caught only one mouse in several weeks . 
the readout is far better than the previous machines i ve had . 
roll out the dough on the counter ,  then place it on the pan . 
it s all shooting ,  no fighting or dirving at all . 
i use it because i get prestas cheaper than schradder valves . 
one solution another reviewer and i hit upon is to squeeze the cuff during the beginning of inflation . 
getting the case off to change a battery is not fun ,  nor fast . 
this is a glass bottle for holding liquids . 
with the case ,  putting any cover on is impossible ,  as is using a dock or station for it . 
they wouldn t even use it to sleep in . 
no sound unless you plug her into a computer . 
i ve only had this vacuum for num_num months but it s everything the other reviews said it was . 
it was very unflattering and lumpy ,  i did not have a smooth silhouette . 
i think it just depends on what your needs are . 
this case looks very nice and it fits perfectly . 
i had to redo my dining table the next day and just went back to pledge . 
if i ever break it ,  i m gonna get me another one . 
there is a problem with the design of the tabs . 
i ordered a fram and it fit right in . 
solid ,  with thin flexible edges ,  good grip ,  easy to wash . excellent design ,  excellent execution !  . 
i was planning to use it as webcam ,  but the picture quality is terrible . 
all recent reviews for the most part are negative because the product is from china not u . s . a . 
it just has a tiny hint of peanut butter . 
one scoop fills a regular size muffin cup . 
at least the num_num that i ordered from amazon did not . 
that alone was a sheer pleasure ,  not to mention the no fat and the crispiness of the bacon . 
this is a high quality machine ,  and our carpets are cleaner than they have ever been . 
purchased this for a new num_num year old . 
the earpiece provides good voice quality and people have said that the dvp s mic is clear . 
it s mostly made of plastic so don t abuse it but functionally ,  it works great . 
it stays shiny like new ,  cleans up easily ,  and is so useful for larger cooking needs . 
i think it was just really big and really floppy . 
i m assuming the seal cannot attach to the blue glass jar properly because of the cream . 
the story is a good one ,  but i found the game to not be so great . 
so small and hard that the only thing they are good for is to sit on a shelf . 
we are ,  of course ,  all different ,  and what works for someone may not work for all . 
this you could get at the dollar store . 
most of my friends love their kitchenaid stand mixers ,  so i bought one direct from kitchenaid . 
i ve decided to order a second set ,  so i ll have place settings for num_num guests . 
i used it to transfer my pictures from my dslr to my nexus num_num no problem . 
very convenient to use ,  nice focusing ,  rubber eye cups ,  but you get what you pay for . 
just not happening on this one for my kids . 
you can check the cosmetic safety database for more information ,  product id num_extend
not a bad recoil pad but not what was pictured . 
since i love to bake it seemed a natural . 
the cord works perfectly and is as long as the description says it is . 
you gotta be some kind of super ghouls  n  ghosts supreme hardcore gamer to even beat this game . 
fits well on the table and perks up the look . shipping was fast and it arrived in perfect condition . 
i only have one left that works about half the time . 
it s a nice concept but doesn t work in practice . 
i use this to get my xbox controller plugged into my nexus num_num for gaming . 
it is just as easy to make your own . 
emu oil has been suggested as the very best moisturizer . 
oh well ,  the search was wrong and because of that i was blamed for the problem . 
it s small ,  easy to use ,  and easy to clean . 
great respect for all things made in america . 
i bought it anyway because it is the cheapest router around with dual wan and load balancing . 
build quality was spectacular ,  and this is definitely one of the best purchases i had made in awhile . 
i ve tried and it resulted in either my death or a huge loss of energy . 
since amazon didn t have any in stock i went looking and found the num_extend
but it fit my iphone num_num in this battery case . 
i then let it cool to num_extend which took about half an hour . 
it s mostly just cut scenes of boring complex story . 
there are num_num fan settings on it and the lowest setting is ok as far as noise goes . 
it has many delicious recipes with clear and easy preparation instructions and times . 
they were fine once applied ,  but not perfect . 
i have used many different phone holders; this by far is the best . 
the game is extremely uninspired and gets repetitive within num_num minutes . 
when i finished the game though i was horribly disappointed . 
i gave this a shot after reading mixed reviews . 
upgraded to a  home depot  set and there is no comparing the two . 
the same taste permeated the exchanged strawberry bars too . 
of course it arrived before the estimate date as posted by amazon ,  and it fits great on my arm . 
just to get the ball rolling ! this is my second time buying these . 
usually ,  he is extremely picky about his food ,  and he normally does not like anything not chicken . 
i was incredibly disappointed with the vectron wave from air hogs . 
the pictures basically appear to be a boxwave case but that is not what is being sent out . 
it was bland and the texture was too hard . 
i sent it back as soon as i opened the package . 
the mophie juice pack doubles as a protective case and provides extra battery time . 
so i took the plunge ,  and am glad i did . 
i ve had mine a little over a month and the footbed lining is already ripping . 
then the battery craps out and wont hold a charge anymore . 
the rack inside this canner is truly designed for pint jars . 
for daily use it s hard to beat the quality for the price paid . 
this product is not a safe  nor does homak advertise it as one  . 
there are a lot of cases available for this phone ,  which is a good thing . 
games from my experience on android for the most part are not as polished as those on the iphone . 
i purchased this mid august and it was recalled september num_extend
but all this is nothing to me because the pattern is cut  wrong  . 
overall ,  this is a good product and i would recommend . 
i bought my first chemex pot back in the num_extend and used it for years and years . 
i worked out with weights num_num times a week and did cardio three times a week while taking them . 
well ,  it was exactly that .  .  .  . a cheap knock off . 
if you are smart spend a little more and get a better cable . 
not many of the levels were amazing ,  either . 
we ve used this for months with no problems at all . 
just get it and put it in your bag or pocket for whenever you need it . 
april num_extend num_extend this is my second and final update . 
they have been through thick and thin with me and i love them . 
if you are looking to use it for one portion that is fine . 
could get one from motorola ,  they don t sell them anymore . 
it smelled like peanuts but it s nothing to over the top . 
i use it with my samsung galaxy num_extend
my husband has banned any product from this company from entering our house again . buyer beware and watch your dogs . 
after two rides ,  the stem developed a leak next to the wheel hole ,  even though it was almost straight . 
perfect size for adding some extra power to the num_extend
i will never waste my money on electric can openers again . 
originally ,  you could put three mouths on your creature and it would actually use all three . 
but ,  my gods ,  what a poor showing this is ! there is next to no innovation . 
it was getting late and i had to buy something !  . 
i only have to recharge the icarrier about once a week . 
luck and reckless speeding is your bonus over the ai . 
i had the invisashield screen protector before this skinomi and thought it was ok . 
i had one of these cases on my phone while i was visiting a museum  with stone tile floors  . 
they sent me a pair of cheap nb num_extend
there are two main problems i find with it . 
the load times ?  no problem on my computer . 
this jacket was true to color but not to size . 
there are no funny straps that hold it down on the corners ,  no magnets ,  no velcro ,  no elastic bands . 
not what i was expecting ,  but it you know how to alter your brushes this is perfect . 
you will have to plan for larger groups . 
not even a coupon was offered ,  for all my time that i wasted . very poor customer service . 
the microplane grater is a shining example of the better mousetrap . 
i would recommend this coffee maker to anyone who enjoys a good cup or three of coffee . 
the earbuds hold the battery that you recharge . 
in fact ,  after using it just a few times ,  i am doing just that . 
i love the practicality of flipping it open to start it . 
that said ,  it works perfectly for small amts of greens . 
i m thinking about getting another in a different color . 
he s chaffed like he had a diaper rash . 
i am a homeschool mom and i had high hopes for this . 
 it was a good looking swimsuit though ,  just did not last at all  . 
he is also a fan of the clip wheres it to work ,  no issues . 
anyway ,  it works perfectly and it make wonderful bread . 
the handles are lightweight ,  hollow ,  and sealed ,  so no more shaking water out of the inside . 
there was no appliance abuse of any kind . 
since most all of the unit is metal ,  i suspect it will last for quite some time . 
i have very sensitive skin and unfortunately ,  the very bad habit of being a facial skincare products junkie . 
my son s sniffles are significantly less the nights we actually remember to use it . 
risky leaving phone there ,  and it sticks out annoyingly . enough for now . 
i thought it was a great idea ,  would avoid sputters and splats in the microwave ,  so got one . 
so if you re going to buy this ,  purchase it from everyday low prices co . 
sky high promises aside if the taste is bad i won t drink it  beyond the sample i m reviewing  . 
this is too heavy and large for the chest . 
i still use the cheap expensive stuff from the grocery store but only for bouquet garni . 
it looks good ,  it s sturdy ,  and and it works fine . 
i had the choice of buying blade replacements for my ped egg or find a different callus remover . 
i love the three sizes of the measuring cups . 
the big selling point for me is the metal blade cage . 
like paring my own clothes ,  or driving through a tree . 
it is super convenient ,  the perfect size for a muffin and fast . 
i still had my headset that came with my num_extend and i compared them . 
these covers work reasonably well ,  they keep heat in and prevent most splatter . 
i highly recommend this to anyone who needs a lot cooking capacity . 
i saved more than half the money buying it at amazon . 
completely satisfied with the num_extend after num_num months . 
after a while ,  i realized it wasn t working very well at all . 
the wide body is perfect for the onion and other once cumbersome wide veggies . 
how about playable ?  let me play for more than ten minutes without screaming in endless frustration . 
i m sending this one back to amazon and keeping the typhoo . 
after doing much research on this monitor i thought it would be a great buy . 
jeans have really changed ,  and these are a giant step backwards . 
i don t even have to peel the garlic . 
i have never had this happen to me before in my life . 
i got num_num for a huge discount over what verizon wanted . 
this is confirmed by tests that others have done . 
first off the package came in on time ,  very good packaging and the tools came with it . 
it lasts like five minutes and then fades . 
it is like a teenager took these to a grinder . 
it would hold the num_extend pressure ,  but after a couple of hours ,  there s no air on the tube . 
washed it on gentle with very little detergent and with a jacket ,  pants ,  gloves and more . 
if you really need to chop large amounts of veggies in a hurry ,  look for a larger processor . 
delivery was timely  especially since the holiday season had begun  and the product great . 
i gave these a try to replace my daily consumption of too much dew . 
so no using them in bed when laying on your back . 
i tried this product due to it s ratings ,  but was very disappointed . 
it simply boggles my mind that this is how mapsource works ,  now several years after it was first released . 
i just wish it was easy to get things setup and get going . 
once filled i took it on a trip ,  and carefully sealed it in a ziplock bag . 
the other styles fit her and they were not wide sizes !  i am frustrated ,  to say the least . 
i immediately realized the battery is out of juice . 
i bought this pump with the intention of inflating a kiddie pool . 
i can t believe it !  i tried act dry mouth and hated the aftertaste . 
use the thai chi tea with powered sugarfree vanilla coffee creamer . 
if you re like my friend larry  we used to call him mr . 
we got two of these for our twins from a faimily member for christmas . 
the hair on these brushes were already falling off !  i was so upset !  i returned them the next day . 
now i can plug my phone ,  gps ,  and customers phones in and charge them using this . 
i was searching for quality knives at a reasonable price that would last the rest of my lifetime . 
my num_num month old puppy has jaws of steel so i wasn t expecting it to last terribly long . 
if you don t have wood window sills ,  don t buy this !  . 
we noticed an immediate improvement in the flavor of the coffee with this style of grinder . 
it seems like when i m moving around ,  people think i sound gurgled . 
in five minutes or less ,  you have the most incredible coffee ever . 
i know with certainty i used similar products many ,  many years ago . 
the scissors are lightweight and small ,  but they are well balanced and sharp . 
we still have the num_num squirrels ,  but they aren t going to last long . 
other than that ,  the i m pretty happy with it . 
i would recommend it for anyone with the same situation . 
i have been using splenda off and on since it became available to consumers . 
not worth the risk i took in buying it . 
however ,  this gizmo is completely unnecessary if you do not share your brushheads with other people . 
some of the small plastic parts can be tricky to handle . 
the impact weirdly leaves a little room between the side of the screen and the case itself . 
so if you go back for a second bowl ,  that s a pretty high caloric breakfast . 
it is not ,  i had to go through the hassle of returning it . 
a few months down the road ,  the posts are tarnishing . 
i chose this because ,  compared to the griffin air curve ,  the price was amazing . 
not too soft nor too abrasive ,  just what i needed . 
after owning num_num palms and one pocket pc   . 
after every pour i have to wipe the drops running down the side . 
this is a perfect set and i cannot wait to start using them in my kitchen . 
good tool in the kitchen for low fat diet . 
although i do like this for reading ,  as aback support . 
there was absolutely no difference in reception with or without this attached . 
i just had some perfect bacon for breakfast ,  cooked on this pan in my microwave oven . 
my phone looks really covered now without being a fat mass . 
these treats easily slip out of the rubber ball thing they re suppose to stay in . 
it s easy and fun to use and the yogurt is delicious . 
oh ,  sometimes the little yellow indicator sticks up ,  so it looks like it s at pressure but it s not . 
if thq makes smackdown vs raw and day of reckoning . 
it was dry and had hardly any mascara in it when it arrived . 
the headphones are covered but open up when needed . 
i ve washed them a couple times hoping they ,  at least ,  become softer ,  but no such luck thus far . 
i frankly just burned my $ bucks with this game . 
so i tried just one num_extend piece each n still the same results . 
i could give it five stars on the functional part alone . but the form factor killed me . 
i was disappointed in the weight and size of this tool . 
i have two dogs so i would have expected more . 
simple sturdy product that does what its supposed to . 
they are just inferior razors that are wrongly designed . 
he was doing fairly well on the collar and with training . 
a very linear game that doesn t let you go off the beaten path ,  no exploration required . 
someof the welds have sharp points which can injure yourpet . 
very smooth feeling on her underarm and legs . 
it took me five calls to attempt to do this and still never got the account set up . 
i was really disappointed because even my vet recommended it . 
there are tasteless version of this you can get and put in a recovery shake . 
my dog destroyed this so fast i didn t even have time to stop him . 
i bought this because it was a good price for a thermal coffee pot . 
it slides down my leg causing the foot part to slide down and practically off my toes . 
the more i use the benefiance products the more i have grown to dislike this scent . 
leaves marks in your hair as it goes through ,  cheap ,  not worth it ,  spend more . 
i can honestly saythe switch s watermelon strawberry flavoris terrible . it has num_num main num_extend
the one i received was not as flimsy as others described . 
the comfort is the absolute best i have tried . 
i used some needle nose pliers to pull out the clogged debris . 
squeaker was out in about num_num minutes ,  from then on it was shredded to pieces . 
we live in the woods and could only get a roaming signal . 
i always order several bottles at a time and got three which arrived today . 
i didn t actually realize it when i bought them ,  but they are full featured phone headsets with mics too . 
i thought about giving them as a gift but decided to return instead . 
amazon had the best price ,  and as always the service was great . 
found it to be very sturdy and does exactly as expected as advertised . 
the tempurature in my room dropped from num_num degrees to num_num within a half hour . 
if you place the antenna too close to the amplifier ,  it flashes red to indicate it s not working . 
container was more and more viscous as i got closer and closer to the bottom of the big container . 
it does fit nice so i gave it num_num stars ,  but bad opening for my phone will be costly . 
it is a little too rich for my blood for a pan that is useless after num_num months . 
imagine his dismay when the former owners did not leave it with the house . 
sleek ,  compact ,  portable ,  effective ,  easy to use ,  infinitely adjustable ,  high quality materials . 
i bought same one for num_num gal its ok i rather tossed the food in . 
a product like this should be useable on it s own with the tv . 
i am blown away at the level of service that i was provided from westbend . 
the seeds are okay; there is nothing wrong about them . 
just sooo much easier then dealing with the num_num part metal lids . 
but ordered on the faith of raves from the other reviewers . 
got it rather quickly  love amazon prime  and the case performs very well . 
they hold their edge well; but i do use a tool to keep the edge true . 
yet what i have now with the num_extend is worse . 
the food has a nice smokey flavor indoor cooking can t provide . 
i am glad i chose this one when i was debating on which one to purchase . 
i passed it up on amazon many tmes . this is a well made board . 
when it finally broke  the plastic not the inner workers  i was in the market for another one . 
gave it to a friend who seemed to like it . 
they are easy to clean if you don t let the dough dry on them . 
i have purchased several wall maps for her bedroom and dorm room as well . 
but for emergency or occasional use you cannot beat it . 
it works ,  but i do not like that the head of the cord is so thick . 
there is a bright white pronounced border of plastic that was not color coated black . 
my son uses this case and it has protected his htc phone great . 
i have more than a hundred hours experience . 
if you ve never experienced fresh pasta ,  you don t know what you re missing . 
my mom uses this stuff ,  has for years ,  and none of here dishes are scratched or chipped . 
i just can t wear their slippers any longer . 
shun makes the best kitchen knives i have ever owned ,  bar none . 
i told him that the reviews say that these are good . 
the first unit i ordered ,  upon turning on ,  emitted a burnt plastic smell . 
the color is a really pretty iridescent shade of magenta ,  and it fits very snugly on the phone . 
it charges very fast and seems to have a good life between charges . 
it is an ideal drink for everyone whether taken hot or cold ,  in any occassion and season .   . 
the screen protector is thicker than average ,  but i think this may be a fatal flaw . 
while the tartar build up did not increase ,  it didn t decrease either . 
most significantly ,  it cost half as much  or less on one i bought black friday week  . 
it was slow grilling the meat and helped the meat retain some of its moisture . 
i feel like that money was wasted . i have made spritz cookies since childhood . 
the pod prices can very slightly ,  however ,  the shipping charges are what make the difference in the final cost . 
i make these bundt cakes and give one to each piano student the week of their birthday . 
i have refused to buy more bins since the cost for the box was crazy high . good luck . 
i never have issues with pouring from this shaker either . 
it is more filling to eat a chunk of real cheese . 
this sugar source is from corn syrup  first listed ingredient  ,  corn maltodextrin and sugar . 
the car mount came in the original motorola packaging ,  but was clearly opened by the oem store . 
this kitchen is ok ,  but there are much better kitchens out there . 
i think this company needs to research queen size . 
that part right there made this one of the worst games i ever played . 
it is a good purchase for the price and shipping was really fast . 
some people settle down with cheap cases from ebay . 
just what i needed ,  another product with a transformer and power cords to keep up with . 
i am not new to digital camera so looks like i am not doing anything wrong . 
i believe mine was defective or they are not as well made as they used to be . 
i tried many other products ,  but nothing was comparable to the froth au lait . 
i rebooted several times ,  all to no avail . 
so much better than what we thought we had ordered . 
i like the weight of it which is heavy and i am positive this will not bend or dent . 
luckily i don t care about bt and it would just use more battery . 
the three pin adapter has num_num pins not num_num holes to match it . 
before ,  i had to spray with urine nutralizer and blot up with paper towels . 
she has been bugging me about not having a case so i search the big a . 
inside only holds num_num dolls and the compartments do not stay closed . 
this is not the same product ,  as the formula seems to have changed . 
not vegetables ,  not grains ,  not dairy .  .  . they require pure protein . 
this had to be the worst coffe drink i had ever had . 
 you can still make small amounts in the larger size .   i am giving my old one to family friens . 
i ended up using it for months on end . 
under cabinet mounts are double the price and most are digital with labels like  pizza  . 
i hate the short apple cord and hoped this would be a good solution . 
i have used it more times to poke holes on leather for sewing . 
i am very glad that i took the plunge and ponied up for this press . 
if you plan to use it once ,  this may be good enough . 
this fan is easy to put in and take out of your window ,  lightweight . 
i ve owned at least num_num different toaster ovens over the years . 
purchased num_extend one for each socket in my car . 
then my email didn t get picked up on ,  then the num_extend email was misread . 
i sometimes use a bit of oil ,  sometimes not . 
the reidels have been moved to the back of the cupboard . 
i don t know if that will happen again . 
it should ve been thrown into the recycling bin immediately . 
i have performed the cleaning procedure several times . 
i was going for a wavy tousled look . 
the num_extend day was similar to the first . 
we purchased num_num for the kid s rooms so they could lock up their personal stuff . 
this is the same type of case as on my smartphone . 
volume works for about num_num notches ,  then won t go back down . 
supposedly ,  this is supposed to  grab  onto moisture ,  but i think it s bs . 
coat the pan with lard ,  bacon grease or crisco inside and out and wipe off the excess . 
but for day to day activities it is comfortable and stays on securely . 
due to the improved defenses of supcom ,  that doesn t happen . 
if you don t know it already ,  cat s absolutely love to stretch . 
i highly recommend taking a look at the bell instead . 
the capresso arrived ,  i unpacked and used it to make my first brew . 
num_extend it suffers from interference with other bluetooth devices . 
it was more expensive but was very much worth it . 
this headset has good sound ,  not great ,  but audiophiles aren t going to go bluetooth anyway . 
hard to say if that is bb or the headset . 
i love making sandwiches with the meat sliced thin and piled high . 
it s so bad that i m starting to think samsung just makes junk . 
i can t say enough about my mighty mite . 
this is well worth the money it is simple yet very solid and well built . 
thirty five bucks !  really ?  this thing is built so poorly that it should really cost about five bucks . 
stock battery would also cause my phone to overheat which probably helped contribute to massive drain . 
i have one of these and actually bought this for my sister because she wanted one . 
i gave this to my son ,  having the slightly less nifty version of the same shape in another brand . 
using this product ,  the slices stuck together ,  and didn t cook as evenly . 
just don t try to over tighten the cover . 
i purchased this case on amazon because it was the cheapest option . 
this case is pretty awesome ,  he phones stays charged for quite a long time . 
it is a rich and engaging game with many different levels of play . 
just like in thriller where he played a ghoulish ,  inhuman beast ,  eerily foreshadowing the future . the gameplay itself is ludicrous . 
i ll be sticking to regular duplos  not education  from now on ,  despite the higher price . 
my husband is the one who read the book and knows how to connect ,  reconnect ,  yadda yadda . 
i tried to change it to num_num degrees . 
i don t think you can go wrong with this shaver . i ll leave updates later . 
i was able to use this unit with an antenna signal only . 
i ll add a picture to show how i use it . the led light is moderately useful . 
considering the price ,  and that there are five of them ,  i m well satisfied . 
one of the biggest mistakes of my life was purchasing this travesty of computer programming . 
this works great !  makes it so easy to get out the cork !  dr . 
it s comforting to have at hand ,  just in case . 
you have to occupy a usb port while using this num_extend
as a previous loyal burt s bees customer ,  i m out !  . 
so i don t know how it would stand up to firmer foods . 
i was very happy with it at first but the longer i used it the less effective it became . 
i have used many fragrance oils in my bathes ,  and never had this happen . 
had it for a month now and dropped my phone a lot ,  still no scratches . 
it does not fall out but if you wiggle it just right it disconnects the charge . 
we are basically happy if it cuts decent at all . 
keeps the smaller pieces from falling through conventional grates . 
normally i take advil before i play and the soreness i feel afterword is really minimized . 
the ones sold here are also made in mexico . 
i now have something else to buy batteries num_extend
i am afraid i am not going to hear it fall and will lose my phone . 
compared to nearly every other good headphone i ve used ,  i find the shure s treble response to be unsatisfactory . 
i have enough minutes to last me a year and then some . 
i actually prefer its simplicity and wouldn t trade it for a multilevel selector . 
bought this to use with galaxy note and can confirm that it works . 
there s not a lot of leeway in these pieces to make anything different . 
but the menus ,  navigation and overall usefulness is virtually num_extend
i do like how it cleans up so easily and it conducts heat quite well . 
i d prefer a wider shallower bowl for tossing salad ,  hand mixing of bread or meatloaf . 
have two sets of these ,  one in black and this white model . 
they all fit onto a plastic ring ,  and can be easily pulled off for separate use . 
the dyson num_extend happens to be the best vacuum i have ever owned . 
sound plays through my speakers loud and clear ,  so i couldn t be happier . 
it worked as far as suction to the screen and stability . 
i am a female ,  so that probably impacts my opinion a lot . 
i cut it to fit my pizza stone . 
nonetheless ,  good price ,  good quality ,  and great looks !  . 
it was a great buy of a quality product . 
i ordered another hunter from amazon ,  and i guess this is the one they want me to review . 
i use mine quite often ,  both as a griddle and a grill . 
so i ended up removing the pieces and using it as a regular litter box . 
i would recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook . 
putting rolled up towels under your head may be just as effective . 
it s easy to recommend this pan with the results i have seen . 
since there was no data on it i hit the button to format it . 
the picture clearly shows gold connectors but they are not . 
the color and amount of crema is consistent . 
the material doesn t even feel like something that should be used to make clothing . 
it probably takes less time than that but i never bothered to experiment further with the time . 
he already tore apart two of the bees . 
we use the bowls all the time and have owned them for years . 
we discovered this type of product several years ago . 
i would not recommend this product if you re looking for beach waves . 
the musical quality of the num_extend is excellent . 
in other words just imagine playing resident evil num_num but with more rooms and more puzzle solving . 
there are two issues with these stairs for smaller ,  older pets . 
the video shows that you can use the camera a side ,  but you need an adapter to do this . 
i have very mixed feelings on this dog toy . 
she had a hard time hearing me while driving in the rain . 
in this respect it is a departure from just lift and pour you typically do with the glass carafe . 
this is not a great product to buy . 
so ,  since the old one died ,  i decided to try the burr . 
i bought him this wishbone hoping it would give him some chewing action and last . 
no more straining ,  no more crumbling corks with bits floating in my glass . 
watch the price on this item if you re not in a rush . 
these are the cheapest quality tools i ve ever had the displeasure of using . 
what i like is that the item got here on time ,  however its way tooo big for my phone . 
you can read my review on dap collar . 
the oiled surface helps the performance of cast iron cookware . 
i usually love everything i get from leg avenue ,  but these were very poor quality . 
these were just not that good . and in keeping with other reviewers with lower stars . 
while examining i ve found a lot of surface punctures . 
perhaps moreso than the expensive iqair i ve got already . 
the maker s footprint is very small ,  an important feature in my galley kitchen . 
the issue i have with this is not that he is there but how he is presented . 
i had to do a lot of research and go through a lot of hoops . 
so far it s great and i m happy with this purchase . 
we returned it and our return has been denied . 
it took a lot longer than i had hoped to actually blend everything evenly . 
every time you get close to them ,  they hurt you . 
the twinnings green tea had little flavor or aroma . 
i washed my face twice a day with step one and followed it with step two each time . 
they are great ,  easy to use and very convinient . 
always said it would fit my num_num jeep wrangler sport unlimited . 
it doesn t take that long to have full charge but i still leave it on whole night . 
and it fits in your dishwasher !  yeah !  i don t know why i waited so long to buy this . 
i spent about num_num minutes cooking over num_num days and num_num hours cleaning . 
it will charge your iphone at least num_num times . 
if you loosen it ,  then the helmet doesn t seem to be on securely . looks too bulky on my head . 
just get this scoop if you want one that will last . 
i enjoyed it for about a week before i couldn t deal with it anymore . 
starting from the edge of the plate ,  make a circle covering that area with slices that overlap slightly . 
you simply keep them honed with a steel . 
this santoku blade retains its sharpness for a long time depending of course on use . 
there are no tables !  only a corner shelf type table  worthless  . 
i guess its the small amount of spandex in these panties that ruin the feel . 
i like the case and it works well . 
as the other reviewers quoted ,  this hat is not the one in the picture . 
i like the case ,  but it has a funny smell that gives me a headache . 
so back to shaking the bottle directly on my thinning areas . 
the suggested that a fountain might encourage more drinking . 
if you need an apple corer ,  this one works very well . 
it makes hashbrown type potatoes too and it s very adjustable . 
the courts look good but they don t have mascots ,  so it seems kinda dead . 
and ,  unlike most games ,  it was not a violent ,  mindless game . 
i an sure that some will say you get what you pay for and they are right . 
update :  june num_extend num_extend just paired this device with my apple ipad . 
anco s clips don t look much like the ford clip i was replacing . 
i never got this item to clearly pick up on a station . 
a much better gluten free biscuit mix is the num_num num_num num_num southern glory brand . 
macro lens is great ,  i wasn t expecting it to take pictures from that close distance . 
god is watching all of you money rapists . 
the strips are held between two clear layers of plastic  one layer has a sally hansen logo on it  . 
this is one of the few models that fits on your ear ,  not in it . 
your vet has told you that cats and dogs are carnivores . 
i bought this tuna press from amazon two years ago ,  and it s still one of my favorite kitchen items . 
only downside is the wiping it off thing . 
the second you get past the menus and the gameplay starts everything just keeps getting worse and worse . 
unfortunately ,  once that is on ,  the droid x no longer fits . 
our large breed pups do not seem to return to it . 
my phone even seems to run faster after changing from my water damaged battery to this new one . 
i live in an apartment and this is great for that lifestyle . 
flour  as the vacuum process sucks some of the flour up and under the lid ,  making the seal inefficient . 
it s a very odd toy and i don t understand the reviews . 
you ll get slower speeds but it will work worldwide . con : no chance to upgrade os . 
they don t stand up to everyday wear and tear and the left speaker has a tendency to flake out . 
because this was frustrating rather than fun i give it a num_num star . 
i have a good collection of these now and expect to get many years of service out of them . 
i now use this as my daily alarm clock . 
sproing !  two opposite corners warped up nearly an inch out of plane . 
i bought this unit for a friend ,  and i could compare with others overdrives i already have . 
too bad i waited to find this out . 
the bunn had a well that held water at a certain temperature for a fast pot of coffee . 
it s hard plastic and snaps on to the phone . 
i put a towel under it and filled it til it was full but obviously ,  that didn t help either . 
trust me .  .  . you will be glad you bought it !  !  !  . 
poor tasting ,  mushy feel ,  not like what i thought they d be like and unlike other similar products . 
one sight had a red dot that was blurry . 
sony is trying to totally replicate my phone on my wrist . 
if you do this with the cabernet glass it just wobbles around like an egg . 
it does not stick on to the guitar very well . 
this radio should be better than it is for the price . 
sound wavers between the left and right channels . 
buy timesplitters or the pc unreal ,  save yourself from this turkey . 
i have emailed them several times with questions and they answer me the next day with great explanations . 
it will hold about two cups of flour . 
these snap caps look great at first ,  but really scratch up with even the gentlest of use . 
so i m keeping the gel eartips  not this item  and throwing out these foam ones . 
i have never had glasses that break like these . 
hope to have filtering water for six months . 
i should have paid more attention to the size . 
bought some extra to go with my dehydrator . 
sometimes it felt more like pain in my ear . 
i assume you are reading these reviews because you like the styling of this product . 
this was the first attachment i bought for my kitchen aid . 
the product is very well made and the packaging was awesome . 
this game is of very mediocre quality by to days standards . 
bass response is good enough ,  but didn t expect body thumping bas from headphones like this . 
i have lived with chronic prostatitis regularly for the last six years . 
it does technically do its job ,  it is in fact a container . 
it was very disappointing since they are so cute . 
the volume and power buttons are covered by the silicone portion and work perfectly fine as well . 
this is a really good knife especially at the price . 
i normally love crayola products ,  but this is far below the quality i ve come to expect . 
if you want to take your chances with this ,  go ahead . 
i know these will be around my kitchen for a long time . 
if the manufacturer has little faith in their product ,  then neither do i . 
i will probably have to purchase another fluker s clamp lamp . 
finally ,  the story is why this game gets one star . 
it was easy to use and his phone looked brand new after the replacement . 
i use the fuze and my wife uses the iphone . 
i have to take the line housing apart at least num_num times every single time i trim . 
but aside from that ,  this is basically all i could ask for . 
is that crap really necessary ?  i ll probably go back to hemp protein . 
i love my new hoover flair !  we have hardwood floors . 
it crashes at the start of the game . 
in the past all my others sets i would have to recharge ,  not this one . 
works so much better than the kitchenaid scoop i bought at a local store for almost twice the price . 
i loved it right up to the point my dog ate it . 
i bought for a glock num_num and really had to grind it in . 
i liked this product so much ,  i ordered a second one . 
she broke out a week and half later in same spot she wore this base . 
my only peeve with these is that i like cups that nest well ,  and these are a little tricky . 
the quality is great ,  i ve dropped my phone once already with this case and my screen was fine . 
so far the battery does what i want it to do keep my evo running longer . 
this thing is made out of plastic ,  not steel ,  but that is obvious by looking at the photo . 
all of this means that i can not cut as efficiently as with my other knives . 
plus the days just seemed backwards to us . 
my wife doesn t like and she still keeps using the old one .  .  . the new model feels more  plasticky  . 
i ordered the cuisinart num_num slice maker to replace this one . 
this cream sinks after a while in the skin ,  but i have the same feeling of dry skin later . 
i still like the liquid version by another company a lot better . 
being stainless steel ,  the surface is very smooth and hard . 
the speakers and usb port cutouts on the bottom are perfect . 
since those particular fish were fairly new ,  i wasn t positive that this product was the cause . 
i don t know how long the coffee stays hot because i don t drink it from the original mug . 
i considered this as a cheaper alternative to the wrist widget . 
at first glance ,  this product seems not as expensive as it looks in the picture . 
works just as good as the apple ones and you can t beat the price . 
i tried lots of ways of mixing and applying ,  but nope ,  does not work . 
overall i love and highly recommend this steamer !  . 
what more is there to be said ?  well done oxo !  . 
along with being bent ,  these screen protectors and made out of horrible yellow plastic . 
they graphics aren t what you would call a second generation . 
i have not had any incidents of the phone slipping out of this holster . 
i went to the aso laceup level iii and it s much better . 
since it wasn t a cheap item i thought i could just store it upside down . 
i love the fact that i can involve my num_num year old in the process . 
i highly recommend the moka pot for anyone who like espresso !  . 
the covers ,  bed and rim ,  can be washed but the stuffing cannot . 
it simply does not fit in with our meal types . 
easy to install and adds a lot of peace of mind . really affordable protection ! thank you !  . 
this mixer absolutely makes a difference in the end product . 
could have fooled me !  it looks nothing like the movie . 
do keep in mind the durability is not amazing ,  as expected given the price . 
i am using the set for the last num_num months and i love it . 
i don t know who the heck was in charge of controls for this game ,  but they should be fired . 
skip the wireless .  .  . next was the feature devoid software . 
if your some one who really needs a source of protein etc ,  you may like this product more . 
my dog had this torn open in less than num_num minutes . 
 rachel  wasn t available ,  but another rep told me the serial number was one of the newer mixers i wanted . 
you have a choice of scalloped edge or flip it over and use a straight edge . 
gabby loves the catit grass kit ,  so i got num_num other sets ,  this one total bomb . 
in a remote area of africa ,  i have num_extend and no dropped calls . 
they cost less ,  are bigger ,  individually wrapped and produce a much smoother coffee . 
this was no help at all because it didn t work . 
what is disturbing is its ability to clearly focus . 
invading a system ,  and destroying and local fleets ,  and planetary defences is actually the easy part of invading . 
the positives :  my waffles baked up crispy on the outside and beautifully tender on the inside . 
i already sent in my review ,  but see it didn t get published . 
if there is more to unlock if you stick through the annoyances ,  i don t know . 
the measurement labels wore off within a year . 
by far ,  however ,  the determining factor for me is the cleanup . 
it feels slightly rubberized and softer than the other candy shell cases . 
my english bulldog chewed it off and what she ate made her puke . 
i will be looking for a different brand to replace this one . 
the carpet was looking good and after five minutes it stopped . 
i don t talk on the phone much and only put it on when i am in the car . 
its colorful ,  and the case seems to help with cushioning the iphone . 
drip coffee drinkers :  drink carefully and drink early ,  unless you want to watch the newest infomercials . 
yeowww products appear to have declined in quality . 
i have been wanting to write about this machine since i got it about num_num mos . 
the manufacturer is not required to provide the latest update . 
this is a nicely heavy pounder with a good ,  grippy handle . 
and ,  after receiving it i called presto direct and found they have replacement cords at a very reasonable price . 
i look forward to finding recipes and making more yogurt . 
i would highly recommend it for the price . 
i cannot tell you how disgusted i am with this purchase . 
i suggest it for anyone looking for something . 
i can t even draw pacman !  you have to be absoulute perfect with the drawing . 
then as you get addicted ,  you realize ,  for one thing ,  you have nooooo free time . 
i still have horrid oral thrush and am now trying olive leaf extract . 
it falls off in about num_num seconds once i start running . 
they get a goodgrip on the food without putting indentationsinto it as regualr tongs do . 
i really enjoy this unit ,  for the simple fact that it is a dual speaker . 
the replacement dimarzio is another example of one that was at the top of the list with cable comparisons . 
it just magically picks up everything and blends it to num_extend
the crystarium that parallels with the num_extend system is pretty cool and getting experience was not frustrating . 
i commute via train and metro and there is nothing worse than people with huge backpacks on a metro . 
keep trying because this one isn;t cutting it . 
i was recently on vacation and used my phone all day for directions ,  bus schedules ,  etc . 
the material is thin ,  and the insulation is very cheap and again not what it used to be . 
it looks great ,  holds heat well with the lid on ,  and cleans up easily . 
the handles are metal so they don t break or melt . 
i think you are better off with a regular cheese cutter and a plate . 
i use this with iphones in our home . 
if you own a deni foodsaver these are the bags to get . 
both ice mold cracked at bottom within a few weeks . 
ultimately thats not a big complaint though ,  it looks passable . 
this stuff dries the hair out with its harsh chemicals . 
the product is affordable and it works fine . 
i rented this game and played as both an autobot and a decepticon for a mission or two . 
it is easy to assemble and works beautifully . 
it s very unusual for me not to like a chi product but i wasn t pleased with this one . 
i am using these on tile in the shower . 
its ashame too ,  becausethis phone had it all . 
the originality of the game is the fact that the track forms itself into any sort of shape . 
if your really serious about skin care look into reviva labs or derma e . 
i hope i can get the one piece edition . 
as the reviews say there is a design flaw . 
the nes versions of adventure island are alot better and more fun than this game . 
i was hopin for more mileage from the curcumin pills . 
if you eat yours one at a time like i do ,  i would recommend one of those . 
this knife stood out as one of the best knives and at a fantastic price for the value . 
i was very dissapointment ,  actually i cant use this crocs because is so painfull and unconfortable . 
too squeamy for me .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . haribo always has a tasty product; but i can t get my eyes off the squigglies . 
adds height for longer range but the quality leaves a bit to be desired . 
she swallowed fabric that she pulled off the balls so i grabbed them up and tossed them . 
overall ,  i think this is a great little processor and well worth the price . 
unfortunately it frankly did very little for my skin . 
i ve had a number of cases for my iphone num_num so far and this is by far my favorite . 
this is not my first experience with terro ,  but it is certainly my least favorable . 
and much like several other reviewers on this board ,  i had graphics difficulty from minute one . 
this toy is expensive considering what it is . 
the best part is that it can be put in the dishwasher when the inevitable kitchen grease collects . 
for those reasons alone ,  this product deserves five stars . 
i sent it back because there s no mention of this in the description that it s not for occasional use . 
just what i ordered and the shipping was very fast . 
my aunt loves it and still rocks it with purple to this day !  . 
already ,  there are several mars that are particularly apparent while reading a book on the kindle app . 
i wanted them for eggs and hot cakes . 
overall i liked the look and feel of the shoe pretty well ,  and really wanted to love them . 
in fact they seem to be more reflective than the original ipod screen . 
one screen protector has lasted me almost a year with no problems or significant bubbling . 
they ll already be there . voice dialing :  unfortunately the htc sensation doesn t have voice dialing . 
the sound quality for both music and voice was fantastic . 
this is another fine example of a junky toy . 
as a result ,  it takes two to three times longer to do yard work . 
so ,  i went back and ordered the next size up in waist . 
and i know my guns big time ,  red storm paid no attention to making the guns real like . 
really adds to the experience of craft beer !  . 
the range on the new transmitter is less than a third of the older ones . 
this game has got to be the worst final fantasy ever . 
for some reason the head of the brush came loose ,  i continued using it until it came off completely . 
hmmmmm . nope ,  we re the largest agricultural producer in the world ,  and we host many of the best cooks as well . 
they obviously block the sweat from wherever they are ,  but wherever they are kind of changes . 
i ve been using this popper for over num_num years . 
i personally prefer the grand prix ,  but this is an issue of personal preference . 
every time i buy a kitchen appliance ,  i wonder ,   will it work without wheat ?   this does so ,  beautifully . 
i now have a tpu case which isn t as beautiful but definitely offers superior protection . 
i ve had it for more than num_num months and works perfectly !  i would highly recommend it . 
the one pot was defective but the other one wasn t . 
so ,  i asked for another person to talk to . 
first off ,  the flat black backing makes it less slippery so if it doesn t slide around . 
my sister is allergic to dogs but not severely . 
it did protect the phone ,  but the case got loose on that top corner . 
when i replaced the original batteries with these batteries they last less than num_num days . 
num_extend st .  ,  torrance ca num_num with your grinder ,  the description of the problem   doesn t work   ,  your return address . 
i never had any issues with it  unlike a few other ronco products  . 
i want a earphone with mic that is cheap for travel . 
you need to pair the new collar to the transmitter . 
the plastic piece that you connect the leash too is in a terrible spot . 
for the price i definitely think it s worth it if you re interested in something simple and not too bulky . 
they were also wider than i thought they d be . 
once started it does a good job of opening the can . 
now i need to change it every week . 
it is made from extremely high quality stainless steel . 
i was jittery and felt weird for about num_num hours . 
then i forgot about it for a while . 
i don t think you ll be sorry if you buy it .  .  .  . just remember ,  open on the side !  . 
mic is overwhelmed by the num_num to num_extend of ambient background noise . 
reception was excellent ,  but in less than a year i had to purchase a replacement . 
the sticker that came with it made trimming my normal sized sim very easy . 
they are also great for holding home made rubs from mixed spices . 
this phone had problems from the start  as did the first one i bought  . 
i will install using screws instead of the hooks for peace of mind . 
there is so much froth it is still in the cup after the coffee is gone . 
they are wonderful ,  work perfectly ,  arrived quickly ,  and at a decent price . 
i find these a much more useful size than the stock num_num oz . 
i got the smaller version which is the new trent itorch . 
this popcorn maker was given as a gift . 
i also like the usb port on the side so it doesn t stick out from the wall so far . 
the edges at corner would not let it work . 
it works great for most moderately sized hardcovers and paperbacks . 
it has a lot of parts and is hard to clean . 
when i used the drivers provided by belkin i would get constant dropouts at totally random times . 
i don t like the way it mixes up . 
it comes in a paper box so there s no frustrating packaging to cut open . 
if i tilt my head to the necessary side ,  i can make do . 
i live in a pretty urban area ,  but was able to find one not too far away . 
the little tab on the lid that you push to grind falls off often ,  which is annoying . 
it was nice that it didn t change the shape of my breasts ,  but it was pretty uncomfortable . 
the furniture was fairly easy to put together . 
my dentist recommended spry ,  so i thought i d give it a chance . 
i use coconut oil and sea salt for a healthier alternative to the flavor packets and it works great !  . 
it probably would last longer if i drained and dried it daily . 
very easy to use and clean up is a breeze . 
i ve used some other large ones that are really horrible to look at . 
i can t even use this because the headphone jack hole isn t accessible with the case on . 
i melted the lid to my kitchenaid blender in the dishwasher and they sent me a new one free !  . 
while not a bad idea in itself ,  the game fails to convey the meaning of war . 
working during these cold winter days was a grind . 
i read other review ,  and decided to give it a try . 
for example ,  the case stitching is not high quality like the seller portrayed . 
i was going over range restrictions ,  safeties and stuff but that would make a long review longer . 
i ve been baking for over num_num years and know a good pan when i see one . 
with the updated design ,  i have not noticed a problem with bending handles . 
it took a while for the dough to extrude and eveything stuck together . 
use this at least once a month ,  and after six years the finish is still perfect ,  nothing sticks . 
this was my main concern when i was debating whether to get the grinder . 
i paid $ for this and thought it would be a bit sturdier . 
other than the covers not fitting well ,  i have no complaints about the beds . 
magnetic flap is very secure but opens easily . 
i have fought with other ones over the years and still had air bubbles underneath . 
it feels like wonderful quality and i really like it . 
this product sounded like a great idea to me . 
as for the texture ,  it was chewy and i felt like i had powder in my mouth . 
it was larger  so could get stinkier  and the top part broke relatively quickly . 
this lumbar was super hard and hurt my back . 
maybe mine was defective  i returned it ,  didn t want to waste time trying to get it checked out  . 
ever since i was about num_num years old ,  megaman has been my favorite videogame . 
the gel is really hard to work with and the brush sucks . 
when it s off the phone ,  it feels brittle ,  but it isn t . 
it seemed to kind of burn in some places on my skin . 
is it more expensive than others ?  yes ,  but it seems well worth the price . 
i am very happy all the way around with this purchase . 
years ago ,  i wore reeboks exclusively ,  in many different styles ,  and never had any problems with sizing . 
first let me say i travel a lot . 
after moving i could not find my old sharpener so i went out looking for a steel . 
they offered to sell me a refurbished num_extend but no way was i going to buy another canon . 
however ,  loss in potency would be accelerated overtime . 
it is the only thing my boy asked for for christmas . 
i no longer need a liner for the basket . 
my cats also didn t find the box to their liking . 
price was right and i got it on time . 
to wit ,  kill . switch veterans would likely rather be playing that game instead of this . 
the blade mechanism on this chopper is extremely difficult to remove or adjust . 
the earhook is so flimsy that it came apart in the first num_num minutes . 
no more smoky pans just nice clean popcorn . 
cooks with electric ranges might get better results with their more radiant burner system . 
this grill is definitely made to withstand the out door grilling . 
either way your air is going to be cleaner and you ll have fewer problems with allergies . 
if the grundig scans the fm band it only finds a grand total of num_num stations . 
i highly recommend it to anyone with the bold num_extend
i have several window fans around my home . 
and don t give me that  you can t compare handheld to the console  garbage . 
the mirror is plastic with a reflective sheet applied to it to act as a mirror . 
it works like a charm and cleans up in the dishwasher or just rinsing with hot water . 
they have easy grip handles made out of rubber . 
i felt that need for speed most wanted was a great game . 
i am very happy with my purchase of these scoops . 
this game has horrible story ,  graphics ,  and gameplay . 
these will hold up to some tough home use . 
these are so cheap i can t believe it . 
second ,  when pouring water or coffee ,  there are no side spills or dripping . 
it s nice to see this quality in kitchen tools . 
while doing nothing for num_num to num_num minutes was nice ,  the product did not do anything for my ailments . 
i had an old phone that used a plantronics num_extend headset . 
these titles will not disapoint as this title did . 
i ve had it for a few months now and had no problems . 
i would buy this product again and recommend it to others . 
i am replacing all my cheapo stuff with glass . 
i would go with udi s ,  goodbye gluten ,  and food for life ,  instead . 
opening or closing the gate will result in a very loud screech from both struts . 
unfortunately ,  as i sipped it and it cooled down it started getting a  fishy  odor to it . 
the steel is of great quality and hasn t rusted at all . 
threw her in the car and drove straight to walgreens for children s benedryl . 
another thing that bothers me is the introduction to the story . 
i was very happy at how quickly i received this product and in good condition . 
the cover stays on the iphone perfectly and allows to lay the iphone face down with full screen protection . 
she has tritrichomonasand i was hoping maybe this would help . 
i always seem to lose my orange peeler . 
my dog has had one and now they re in the trash . 
would have given it a num_num if the sides were not so high . 
i called my mother the other night ,  and we spoke for about num_num hours straight . 
i would not recommend this item if you need firmness . 
but the polaroid was not in stock ,  so i bought the toshiba . 
but after year of use no problem of such kind . 
for people with poor vision or poor manual dexterity or arthritis ,  this probably isn t the right storage product . 
my mom had a similar item for draining tuna can juices . 
charging for battery that  s not so good .  .  !  i ll be thinking for next time .  .  !  . 
buy the bell citi or better yet the bell triton . 
maybe it s the herbs in the eboost ,  but it had a metallic ,  medicinal ,  bitter taste to it . 
however ,  when i try to run it all i get is an hourglass for a few seconds then nothing . 
how can i get my money back ?  i don t know if i should try another brand . 
these are the best shears out there !  this will be our third pair and is for our camp trailer . 
hated to return them but these just won t fit me . 
i use this almost everyday and love it !  . 
i bought this to help with my vit . 
hours later ,  it s still steaming ,  and the flavor has been preserved in a sort of suspended animation . 
it is really comfortable to hold ,  the blade is sharp and pivots really well . 
i m using the case with the iphone and placing it in the seidio innocase holster . 
i ve had them for a few months and have only had to use num_num so far . 
i got the black one ,  they pick the color for you . 
very bright light that reflect from the don . 
the size of this screen fits all my skillets . 
the waffles cooked perfectly ,  but boy were they strange !  !  kind of gritty from all that sugar . 
it chips after a day or num_extend and is hard to remove . it s not thick like gel . 
it shows some shortcomings with heavy doughs ,  and particularly kneading large batches of bread . 
tried it ,  and wondered why my hands smelled . 
it automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely . 
the other reviews about this salt is true . 
it s feb num_extend and i ordered this product on jan num_extend
it has a very slim appearance and a conveniently sized display screen . 
we have two different plantronics headset and it holds perfectly with both units . 
i m leaving mine sealed up the way it is . 
i don t mind paying more for quality ,  but it s like none exists anymore . 
they may cost more ,  but atleast you will get an accurate answer . 
this cat dancer toy might last long ,  but that s because it doesn t get much use . 
overall it does a good job and cuts down on my food prep time ,  which is what i wanted . 
although i do not care for the smell ,  it has a nice consistency going on . 
this thing is now just a blue brick in the corner of my room . 
also very expensive so probably won t buy again unless it is less money next time . 
i saw the word  pomegranate  and jumped into action ,  bought this at sam s club . 
it will let water in if you put it in your pocket and go underwater . 
this toy is made up of num_num islands attached by a bridge . 
however the brand still ranks high according to consumer reports . 
i have tried cleaning it off but it still shows up . 
some enemies even get stuck in the wall . 
it does not get in the way of any buttons nor the qwerty slide . 
nearly every kernal popped ,  and there was no burning . 
this remover burns so bad ,  and doesn t even really remove all the glue from the eyelashes . 
i ve had it for a couple months and love it . first ,  it does get hot . 
but i guess you have to pay to play . 
the size is perfect for sauteing several pieces of meat without crowding . 
i think that s way excessive and using a  normal  amount doesn t work any better than regular shampoo . 
the acidophilus with pectin from the vitamin shope is cheaper and works better . 
it is polyester or some sort of synthetic material . 
those quibbles aside ,  for the price i have no problem reccomending this case . 
there are tips for baking ,  leveling ,  torting ,  filling and icing the cakes . 
the size ,  shape ,  and ease of use of this measuring bowl is perfect for our kitchen . 
i have since moved to a different house and the size is no longer an issue for me . 
and stay away from those bunny cookies !  !  yuck .   . 
i ve been wanting to get this pan for a long time . 
it is easy to fill ,  and empty the dirty water solution . 
it doesn t go around num_num like the other num_extend
they have a decent battery time of over num_num hours of music listening and the sound quality is excellent . 
in other words ,  press stop ,  then rewind then it seems to be more riskier . 
so far ,  i have no complaints for the charger . 
one of the bowls itself ,  was broken . the person tried to fix them . 
it has temperature settings ,  for correct temperature cooking and see through cover work great . 
man ,  i m thinking of selling these precut shoestrings to my neighbors . 
it s attractive ,  as much as any such product might be . 
the person i ordered it for really liked it said it was everything they wanted in a carrying pouch . 
trust this review !  i would encourage anyone looking for a headset to try anything else . 
what directions ?  does it come with directions ?  it didn t even come in a box or bag . 
one star for stupid mistake and for my trouble . 
the storage case is a nice and convient . 
the heat melted the adhesive that was holding the velcro strap to the back of the picture holder . 
that is so lame , any number of singles titles on the line in a tag team match . 
but ,  like most of the other reviewers ,  we have a major problem with the hinge . 
i got one of these hoping to pick up some of the local dfw radio stations a little better . 
i don t know if i got an old box of these or if they re all like this . 
my daughter does enjoy trying to push them down in the tub . 
actually it looks newer than the store demo models . 
without the case the iphone would have been history . 
we also nailed in the gate sides to make it more secure ,  it didn t do too much . 
stability had very little effect overall and the bottle is perfectly within its shelf life . not impressed . 
my hair is super straight and i got this hoping it would be a good volumizer . 
the best steel in the world for edge holding is high carbon . 
this can be a good thing  electronics can break  ,  or bad  not as precise  . 
i have had this pot a few months now ,  and so far . 
there are many good options out there nowadays at this price range ,  dont waste your money here . 
it doesn t have  i assume  all the latest ,  coolest features ,  but i don t really want them anyway . 
buy one for the wife and make her happy !  !  . 
it will work but you ll beat your hand up trying to bang tbe lever down . 
very simple way to heat corn on cob direct from freezer . 
callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference . 
bought two pairs of these for hubby in size medium and they re huge . 
the consistency i got was thick ,  heavy ,  and never absorbed . 
this nicely wedges in ,  the a turn and the cork is out easily . 
so ,  based on my experience and the lack of support from the company ,  i m giving it a low mark . 
i don t think a size num_num w would even fit . 
the reusable filter fits like a glove ,  so if yours doesnt fit perfectly there might be reason for problems . 
i use them to get noodles out of the pot and for frying . 
in fact ,  i never even used the product before i returned it . 
well ,  once again i got sucked into all these awesomely glowing reviews ,  but it s just not working for me . 
it fell apart in five minutes ,  it s a complete piece of junk . 
when the rice is done simmering ,  add the sausage and two cans of well rinsed kidney beans . 
it s fantastic !  the juicer attachment did not work as well as we would have liked . 
i m not disappointed; a couple of swipes and my knives are sharp and ready for duty . 
the larger whisk does most of the work . 
but ,  as this is secondary way to use the device it is not too much a problem . 
yup its pretty light weight as a few folks have mentioned .  .  .  . but its popcorn . 
easier to fit in a coat pocket once folded  the jawbone doesn t num_extend
has protected my screen from scratches these past two year . 
this product was not very expensive and appears that way . 
this is very streamlined ,  and is comfortable to wear . 
and yes it is unlocked and i am using this phone right now in germany  on a german network  . 
i washed it off and put on my normal cream . 
wet it ,  clean it ,  and just walk away . 
the clip seems to work a lot better than other cases i ve had over the years . 
he was certain it was dirty ,  as it was filled with brown stuff and smelled bad . 
when i move it around ,  the cats turn to see where those babble noise comes from . 
i love sprinkling the mixture over brownies or a cake prior to baking instead of using frosting . 
however ,  this coating peels of rather quickly and makes it look cheap . 
stick with the kong wubba made of canvas much stronger . 
there are amazing details that the photo doesn t do justice to . 
i use whole wheat flour when i can ,  which creates a denser dough . 
i switched from using a keurig for my everyday coffee to this french press . 
the small tube just dries out the area i apply to . 
the new one doesn t have that problem and works very well . 
both my husband and i found ticks crawling toward our heads after sitting on the couch with the dog . 
if you love pizza ,  then you definitely need this cutter . 
it is also useful for pushing and pulling things around i suppose . 
unfortunately ,  these are stuck together and are only allowed to travel separately for the last three inches or so . 
it is so high above the road that your standing leg becomes exhausted from all the dipping and squatting . 
very difficult to transform and it broke very easily . 
so far i have num_num wii games that are pretty sorry . 
in my estimation ,  the best food processor on the market  for a reasonable price ,  that is  . 
in fact ,  i would describe the overall flavor as bland ,  not tasty at all . 
just use warm water and a light scrubing pad to make sure the pan stays seasoned . 
this has worked very well for over a month now . 
this is definitely a toy for the over three set . 
you see ,  you must reach back to far to hit the thumb button . 
which is strange ,  since after about num_num years i have had one problem with amazon . 
as there was no longer an odor seeping up from the toilet bowl . 
i was easily able to transfer music and files back and forth to the phone . 
i love that it comes with a screen protector cause that way you don t have to buy it seperatly . 
but it seemed off ,  so i checked it with a boiling water bath . 
after a while ,  the pain subsided ,  of course . 
but ,  i m still in the air about how my hair looks . 
if you want to use the digital display more than once ,  you have to unplug and replug the unit . 
i have a killer all in wonder video card . 
when i received the product i was very disappointed in the quality of the case . 
i ve read the same happens with the z series as well . 
besides that ,  the fresnel distorts the words to a high degree . 
be forewarned that initial use of a filter will leave black specks in your water . 
steams up my room and helps me with my allergies and dry skin . 
early arrivals got their own cutting board and knife and were put to work . 
i have used alkaline duracell batteries for years and have always been satisfied with their quality . 
but ,  if you care about the sharpness of your photo ,  stay away . 
i feel better using cetaphil or even anthony logistics over this . 
these dolls look a bit scary and they don t bend their legs . 
i thought that i had closed the top tightly but maybe not tight enough . 
you just have to get used to the dead sound when no one is talking . 
expensive for what it is ,  though ,  and there are no washable versions of it . 
my parrotlets don t really care for this toy . 
i lost my old earphones for iphone num_extend
it is plently powerful ,  easy to clean ,  and looks nice too . 
i purchased this wrist brace because i have small hands and wrists . 
i don t see how it actually fits this many people . 
this device does so much of what i wanted it to do and a lot more . 
i thought that i had a bad unit so i returned the item for a new interact num_extend card . 
not sized correctly . i wear medium longs in army spec bdus and have several pairs in this size . 
then trying to close the case is just as painful . 
the fight action is interesting at first ,  but this too gets repetitive in a rather short time . 
then i put the container in the refrigerator . 
the shoulder straps are made of cheap ,  thin padding  like the laptop sleeve  . 
you can choose a time between num_num sec and num_num sections or  never  . 
jay robb claims sourced from grass fed cows not treated with rbgh on their internet site . 
the supplied headphones don t sound too great ,  not much bass . 
i can t drink regular beer and i just have a small glass at a time . 
i received the earrings in a plastic cover . 
i started using this in the beginning of the summer of num_extend and it worked just great . 
i just stick them to the fridge  magnets  and always know where they are . 
not sure what they were thinking making this . 
it did ,  however ,  tell me that i had a num_num second workout at num_extend
i made the best batch of hush puppies when i used this . 
the first one you throw is always awesome . 
note :  these are appropriate for portions suitable for num_num or num_num people . 
remember ,  these are manual type cutters that do require patience and safety issues . 
someone might know how to use this one ,  but not me . 
not of the highest quality but very good knife at a good price . 
this extender worked great for two weeks ,  then it utterly failed . 
i have never had problems with my christy renaissance towels . 
we searched the grass below and found num_num of them . 
i can t remember the last time i used my cd player . 
i have not had a chance to try wines yet . 
i live in los angeles; it s above num_extend all day . 
these came quickly ,  they were inexpensive and every thing that was described about them appears to be true . 
even despite the glowing reviews ,  i wasn t tempted to get one of these . 
i assembled it and put litter in it ,  and the next day decided to try it out . 
i live on the num_extend floor and i don t have to carry water up in the elevator anymore . 
plus ,  i got some apps that were on the iphone app store on the android one . 
great product ,  great price .  .  .  . a welcomed addition to my kitchen . 
so here i am back on amazon getting oxbow timothy hay and i guess i will stick to that . 
i ve used num_num of them now and none have ever fallen off . 
ours had a cord for the phone and a cord to pull the toy with . 
second ,  i can use one for lemonade and one for iced tea . 
maybe after the next firmware release it will get num_num stars . 
i tried pinching the banana to see if i could crush some of the nip ,  making it stronger . nothing . 
i loved the way it worked and it was the only thing that worked for my hair . 
amazon picture shows two rolling pins ,  leading us to believe that two would be in our order . 
no static issues and got it to pair with two devices on the first try . 
ive used this screen num_num times now and they worked perfect . 
i picked the correct case for my phone type and it just doesn t fit . 
it came with a really nice set of accessories ,  and they even have their own great little storage box . 
don t put in dishwasher though ,  make sure to hand wash and dry right away so they do not rust . 
an msr stowaway pot locks tightly and can be used to hold smaller items . 
it s good enough to make me forget about all the phallic stuff about the name and shape . 
pour into the cups ,  place them into the maker ,  cover it and set the timer . 
so if you are willing to live with the fundamental flaws ,  then this case is as good as any . 
she doesn t enjoy putting the balls on the track and could care less about the music and lights . 
if anything unusual happens ,  i will give an update . update :  april num_extend
it s a safe ,  manageable appliance for introducing kids to cooking as well . 
canned salsa and tomatoes ,  and it was great . 
i saw this product on qvc originally ,  was curious and read the reviews . 
i grill steaks in my lodge logic grill pan and have these heating in the oven . 
if you don t ,  you will probably need to buy new ones . 
when i saw the marble slicer i liked the look of it so i bought it . 
the fasteners are poorly made and come out when holding the carrier by the handle . 
they re not bose quality but ,  these are definately a homerun for the value . 
there is nothing new to see here ,  move along . 
he loved to see the lights and the little puppy  dance  when he  sang  into the microphone . 
i even put them in the toaster to crisp them up a little . 
there are some rough edges .  .  . after all ,  this is a chinese product . 
it was supposed to come in two days  i have amazon prime  and yet it never came it . 
i have thought and thought and buying this ,  i really needed a new room divider . 
you would be better off spending the money to get a custom one fitted by your dentist . 
these nuggets aren t bad but a big dog will go through this bag in a few nights . 
i was able to install the router by hand . 
sturdy metal construction with taut metal wires well secured into the frame . 
i have the older model  bought it num_num yrs ago  and it still works perfect . 
way too huge to provide any firm support . 
if your hair is curly or dry ,  this is not the product for you . 
or ,  as an alternative ,  provide advice to the user on various aspects of the game  i . e . 
regarding smudges :  i couldn t stand all the oils from my fingers constantly smudging the screen . 
this thing works great and i shake my head to think i used to mince garlic by hand . 
in addition ,  it only comes with a short usb cable designed to charge through your computer . 
connections would take a long time and would fail periodically . 
like all premium edge products , the dogs really like it . 
the one you have to start  o think now it s the mini  is so much better . 
i was looking forward to trying this because i had read some great stuff about it . 
the manual states it works with any mmc card . 
it is equivalent to a heavy duty shredder with the convenience of a light weight and an ergonomic handle . 
loved mine so much ,  i bought several for christmas gifts for family members . 
my dogs did eat this food at first ,  and slowly began to not like it . 
it is bit smaller in size but is perfect to use making smaller cakes and it is quite handy . 
unless you treat your cosmetics like they re fragile children ,  i don t really recommend this product . 
i m back with the sephora brand of glass file . 
i like flowery smells on perfume but on the hair ,  it s kinda weird for me ,  specially this one . 
the colors are drab and don t blend with the rest of my son s pieces . 
also ,  don t leave water sitting in the pan for long periods of time . 
they cap wide mouths jars for every day use . 
i d seen some cast iron in stores and didn t much like what i saw . 
btw ,  for mmx vets ,  there are no subtanks in this game . 
i went to inspect it and the little plastic piece that locks onto the wiper had cracked . 
the story is emotional ,  but the voice actors just couldn t add that to the game s characters . 
that is ,  until the sides of it started pulling apart  mirror side and sticky side  . 
he said this one is a lot quieter . i love it . 
i sent both boxes back and i m disappointed . 
i bought it for my husband who walks every day and has a pace maker . 
probably because so much of the coffee gets wasted remaining in the container never making it to the basket . 
there were no good effects or bad effects . 
i slapped one on my painful hip at bedtime and did not smell any medicine or feel any tingling . 
once when driving it cut out for a few seconds and came back on . 
this is the best ,  easiest and fastest can opener i have used . i will never buy another kind again . 
i was very pleased when this arrived quickly and worked perfectly . 
then there s the voice entry ,  the best you could say is that it s not good . 
the pot is lightweight ,  as is the lid ,  and takes up less room than a stone pot . 
so i ordered this bag .  .  . and it looks a little different than the pic . 
it will be going to the thrift store tomorrow . 
so .  .  . when the water starts to taste a little funky ,  change your filter . 
i ve bought dockers brand for years but something has changed . 
i never thought i d find a bluetooth to be better than a wired connection ,  but it just happened . 
taste is ok but i am not reordering it . 
if you use this ,  just be aware that it is not good for sunscreen purposes . 
the pot is well mad , e with a solid porcelain finish . 
i m no audiophile but anyone can discern full ,  rich sound from poor ,  tinny sound . 
this is one of very few kitchen pans i use . 
it s not a microphone but more of an echo chamber . 
i still get super itchy ,  red ,  inflamed skin . 
these head phones and uncomfortable and keep falling off every time i move . 
that guard thing that comes with the mandolin it is worthless . 
after trying it out ,  i wasn t satisfied with the results . 
i bit the bullet and graduated up to this one . 
here s how to get the most out of it . first ,  put it it a pot of boiling water . 
i titled it ,  chose the opening theme ,  and stuff . 
i don t think i d be concerned about it . 
the taste was horrible and it left my smoothies tasting very chalky i will never buy again !  . 
tons of room to work with and movies look great . 
and you can have the chocolate by itself as well . 
you won t even be able to see your weapon . 
love that it is longer than the normal cable . 
this atlantic cd storage rack makes attractive cd storage a reality . 
the marketing machine for zagg makes a big deal about the strength and scratch resistance of this product . 
call them for what you will not believe . 
i m enjoying my grill ! update :  marinated chicken turned out perfect and turkey burgers ,  too . 
i received one pouch of the eboost acai pomegranate daily booster from the vine program . 
great if you feel like eating in front of the tv . 
the first two days it was oily and not as full looking . 
revere handles are punched into the pan ,  when they pop off ,  that s it . 
now the part that made me fall in love . 
i purchased another that works fine and stays connected . 
i exchanged my num_num cup presto for the num_num cup ,  the num_num cup brewed inconsistent batches ,  and weak coffee . 
dvd is an option ,  plus you can download your cd s to the internal hard drive . 
save your money and look for another mixer . 
then ,  sometime a few years later ,  nxt num_extend was introduced and to me ,  it was a huge step backwards . 
the stand saves a lot of space and keeps this little tool clean ,  dry ,  and handy . 
much better than my old ones of another maker that did bend . 
i typically prefer a rich ,  strong flavor but often bold coffees have too much acid . 
i bought this coffee maker after seeing the high marks it received in cook s illustrated . 
mine arrived damaged due to poor packaging on anchor hockings part and amazon is sending a replacement immediately . 
they are first rate ,  high quality knives with a substantial casting and good sharpness out of box . 
the first two times were fine with only a couple of stuck potatoes that eventually sliced . 
read the label . that being said ,  it s a nice oil . 
so only run it on high when you re not home . 
i m always stuck trying to tape them back together . 
rafter and jack sizes on a hip roof  . 
i m sure one could hold it down ,  but that again defeats the num_extend
that ,  and we had to buy a new industrial cookie sheet . 
there is no  pilot light  led to show you that the mic is on or not . 
the stiffness is uncomfortable ,  but does lend itself to a nice ,  clean line ,  and good deposit of product . 
it s also pretty loud ,  so i need to make it during commercial breaks . 
i still need a good handle ,  even on a small knife . 
i excitedly opened my package as soon as it arrived . 
an experiment with fresh soda pop ruined the orignal fizz of the soda and made a low fizz . 
i contacted kensington  via their email support  and asked what the warranty period was . 
initially ,  it would just shut itself off immediately after brewing . 
accidently got this stuff into my eyes and my eye looked like a monsters for a week . 
maybe it s because he s quite small num_extend months and num_extend lbs .   . 
kh has done nothing to improve their product in the replacement parts  not warranted  area . 
it took about num_num weeks before it came in . 
little ones will need help opening it though . 
great block for a lot of big knives like the excellent shun knives . 
fortunately for me ,  i touch my meter and it was very warm to the touch . 
i m not sure what magic properties some of the folks expect a simple coffee filter to have . 
they supply amazon ,  nationwide and slipped some old stock through thinking no one would notice . 
several reviewers posted that the num_num does not have a permanent hepa filter . 
like others have said ,  these just don t last . 
sometimes a lot comes out and sometimes barely anything . 
so i was pleased to find this bowl . 
the cans are different than they were years ago . 
we bought this toy for our two and three year old . 
at num_num per cleaning ,  i only have num_num more cleanings to go . 
after looking on the manufacturer s website ,  i am unable to verify the dimensions of this thing . 
once the valve was lost ,  water and other things gets inside . 
the holes cut right but i just don t like it . 
i was surprised though that it only had one lid when it came with two pitchers . 
i love the convenience and healthy aspect of the presto power cup microwave popcorn popper . 
so ,  possibly ,  i may have missed some treasured gameplaying nuggets . 
our family loves this press . be well cook well !  . 
most of the pieces are just not very memorable ,  and very few of them stand out . 
not as good as anniversary in my opinion ,  but still very good . 
it s larger than i thought it would be but it s not huge . 
the apple iphone num_num is one of verizon s best all around smartphones . 
my son was unsure what it was when he saw it . 
pro+ has mute num_extend streaming only works on the first device the num_extend connects to . 
my bf got me onto using these glass bowls . 
i find i put less butter when soft . 
today i went to turn it on and the light flashed and then it shut off . 
i have several pieces of bake ware i some times use for serving as well . 
whenever i use this for a phone i have to yell at it and people cannot always hear me . 
everything works fine until one point where the map tells me to go to a checkpoint . 
i purchased two fans for my two most smokiest rooms and they get the job done . 
what i like the most about the case is that it s one piece . 
by pumping all the air out of the bottle my wine stays fresh . 
i bought this one because it was cheaper and i needed num_num timers . 
even more excusably ,  there s not way to pause the cutscenes . 
i bought the small jar and finished it all . 
suddenly ,  an intergalatic army of invaders storm the place looking for fayt and his father ,  a famous scientist . 
this is a nice sturdy corer; i wanted one like my grandmas but this one works as well . 
no matter my location ,  the connection drops  glitches  frequently ,  and drops vpn connections . 
i actually have the zerolemon extended battery and i was afraid this wouldn t fit . 
when patches come out ,  i will try again . 
overall these headphones are packed with features and style for a very low price and well worth it . 
i would be careful if putting a screen protector as well . 
this is a great bowl for food preparation . 
we have one at home and i got one for the lake place . 
i have never encountered a game with so many bugs . 
well ,  it started to get more and more frequent over the last few weeks . 
that come with skin exposure to the sun . 
she wanted something that would quickly warm a cup of water for her without too much mess . 
no way to stop it spinning except let it run itself to the end of that winding . 
they could have been put to much better use . 
couldn t get any size to fit me properly . 
i bought this pan about a year ago ,  and i use it every single day . 
ditto . i d rent this one first ,  to see if you get drawn in ,  before you buy it . 
i bought this for my breville oven and it fits the oven perfectly . 
but it works ,  and that is all that matters for this cheap of a price . 
i thought i d try these for a few dollars . 
i was relieved and am happy they worked out . 
the puzzles are very small so the higher numbers like num_num are just a pain . 
and it said to increase num_num capsules a night until you have three or more bowel movements a day . 
if it did get played with ,  i know it would last . 
but i think probe thermometer s are far from perfect . 
hope you have better luck than i did . 
i looks good ,  feels good in my hand ,  and doesn t cost much . 
we grind our coffeebeans about weekly; we re too busy to grind them per brewing . 
neither issue would be a worth removing a star for . 
addictive !  num_extend well ,  because it s small ,  it s easy to carry around . 
i don t know why the conair is causing it . 
the conditioner smells great as does the rest of the line . 
this seemed rather easy to me until the flag poles started to move ,  then it got a little frustrating . 
it s leaps and bounds past num_extend and even better than android . 
i will often put the library books we bring home in the closed bedroom to minimize any reaction . 
i wasn t able to use this product right away . 
i was very worried but most everything went well . 
it is very easy to use ,  and the carpet dried in no time at all and looked very nice . 
if you want a solid ,  normal steel ,  this is it . 
this  stylus pen  is not going to work out well for use on my itouch . 
it s dishwasher safe too ,  though our dishwasher doesn t get it as clean as i would have hoped . 
my hamsters escaped countless times ,  found myself having to duct tape parts of the cage they were escaping from . 
this thing sounds like crap with anything distortion . 
with the same cables ,  same computers ,  and same modem ,  i placed the gigafast router into my network and instantly . 
it also has a connection for micro usb and usbwhich allow you to charge two devices at once . 
i was unsatisfied with the quality of microwave popping and wanted a new solution . 
i d say it s well made . cons :  phone buttons are hard to use . 
i was given two male parts ,  not a male and a female . 
i have tried other headsets and at last got a true num_extend
i highly recommend it !  i would give it six stars if i could !  !  . 
i then bought the num_num version and its been working great for a long time . 
we have a groundhog that lives under our deck . 
if anyone reading this has any suggestions to help me install ,  i d appreciate it . 
i brought it back the very next day . 
after trying this on ,  i m wondering what bra everyone else got that posted a review . 
if you want to compare it to other fps ,  medal of honor blows it away in every way . 
this product did not help my dog stop pulling on the leash . 
like someone else said pretty much just like the taco bell trays . 
please let me know if you have any comments or questions !  . 
so i m only giving it num_num stars for now and i m going to come back and rate again . 
this product does not work for my num_num lb golden retriever . 
i highly recommend them .  .  . and what a steal num_num for $
but that s just a concern and not a problem with the screen protector . 
now i m going to trash this  thing  and see what linksys has for print servers . 
it broke within a few months and i had to purchase another one . 
i decided to try connecting the hose directly to the faucet and removed it from the connector . 
the previous title ,  sonic advance ,  has a far better idea on what made sonic great . 
 look at another iphone real closely till you see tiny tiny squares . 
all in all i love it it was a perfect buy  !  !  !  . 
i needed a marble slab for working with chocolate ,  so i thought this would be perfect . 
this game collection was an excellent idea that seems to have been slapped together and packaged overnight . 
they usually scarf up the gravy but barely touch this . 
the weight of the box it arrived in was the first clue to its quality . 
he loves it and from what i see ,  it s very solid and heavy . 
i gave one to my mother and kept one for myself . 
maybe i wasn t doing it right ,  but i followed directions . i don t recommend . 
the unit never turns off ,  which ,  while conserving battery life ,  is somewhat disconcerting at first . 
if you want a prop ,  this is ok . 
it may even be a better f fit than the original filter we had . 
tools are included but you will also need a heat gun or hair dryer . 
it was charged within a few hours and has been able to charge anything i throw at it . 
thank goodness there s a return policy at babbages . don t buy this one . 
i don t really like the color either . my husband broke a bowl . 
it is not burning heat and will not burn you if you expose yourself to it  it s hot  . 
i think it works just fine and i plan to keep it . 
i was looking for something to keep my gps holder in place ,  this little mad made the job . 
i do not like the seam ,  you can clearly see it through many of my shirts . 
many appear to have shoddy workmanship in that they leak air . 
the wrap enclosed is the same size used by the larger older model . 
if nothing ,  writing is rewriting .   that philosophy really sums up nfl head coach . 
the lid did not fit right so it just leaked all over the place . 
when we received the package only had a fork and spoon no knife . will not be ordering another set . 
i am still searching for a charger that will charge my old motorola num_extend krzr . 
it can be used for removing water fro any item not just salad . 
i got him super cheap so it would cost more to return ship him than i paid . 
the main objective of a bluetooth headset is to eliminate the  clutter  that comes out of wires . 
for around $ i expect shoes to have a well built ,  comfortable sole . 
my num_num year old pit tore it to pieces in less than num_num minutes . 
now with the kitchecaid cover ,  it not only is very attractive ,  it also is well protected . 
eventually ,  after about a month of this ,  those keys stopped responding at all . 
 unless your rich and can afford bose bluetooth headsets for $ +  . 
i use small dishes ,  plates ,  cups and bowls . 
grinds hit the grinder and gravity pulls them through with ease . 
wash it with hot water and a nylon type brush and dry it . 
after a couple of months with this headset i have to give it a bad review . 
i love the shiny red handle on mine . 
good price on set was my main goal at time of purchase . 
even when it s the little things in life . 
couldn t get hair to stay in this large donut . 
i think it comes down to poor design . 
concept was great but tad heavy in the ears ,  would not stay on . 
i was concerned that this might be a problem since i am replacing a one year old mr . 
it is so convenient to throw the other one and the dishwasher and still have this as a backup . 
probably ok if you had a droid num_extend
also ,  at num_num calories ,  i m not sure how this is going to make me  thinkthin  . 
hers just stopped working a couple months back . 
it s still a good deal and a handy way to purchase . 
this is my view of this product and i only have the above product link to compare it to . 
the case is very easy to install and remove ,  especially compared to the expensive competition . 
i found them to be smaller than others i ve tried ,  and therefore ,  didn t like them . 
just seems not sturdy enough for my phone . 
do all coffee grinders work this way ?  i don t know ,  this is my first one . 
i bought this charger for my phone as a back up and to keep in my office . 
i spent a lot of time honing the blade against a sharpening stone . 
there is little to inspire a kid to play and pretend .  . the construction is sturdy . 
at that point ,  you can determine if the cost of repairing the camera is of value to you . 
regardless ,  it will still be far superior to this rubbish . 
i think i am currently still using the second one . 
don t waste your money on these quick releases . 
the sales associate made it sound as the palm would install the needed components on my computer . 
if anyone of you think i made a mistake in someway please let me know . 
not something i could see myself purchasing again . 
when i saw this phone i figured i could not lose . 
the item arrived the estimated day but that is why i rated this two stars . 
i bought to charge my droidx cell phone and they work great for that . 
it was fine though h h h h h h hhhhhhhhh h h h h h h h . 
i ve had this since november num_num and use it regularly . 
now that i don t like it anymore ,  i find it quite unusual how people worship it . 
i have biracial girls with long curly hair and this stuff didn t even work on my baby s short hair . 
i bought this in black so can t report on the other colors . 
google sky worked so fast without lag ,  i could see how it s vastly different than num_extend num_extend
it d difficult to explain but it s very thin ,  very lightweight . 
where it lacks in that grill flavor it makes up for it in keeping the food moist and perfect . 
this is an excellent quality and nicely designed vegetable brush . 
does not fit well on a large adult male head . 
i highly recommend this knife to all my friends and anyone looking to get some nice knifes . 
again another addition to my daughter in laws collection . 
the motorola  phones stay on your head . ease of use for these  phones is superior . 
these are just what i was looking for ,  just not the flavor i liked . 
best of all ,  it s made in the usa . 
i m still looking for a reliable vendor for the num_num mg strength ginseng ,  which tastes quite palatable . 
needed for my razr cellphone to change the internal battery . 
if thats what you ll carry ,  then you might like it . 
can t say that about many other things these days !  . 
works better than the old hoover i replaced at half the cost . 
however ,  in general ,  it was just what i expected and is serving its purpose well . 
i was in despair and tried not to give up on it . 
i recommend this highly over the heavy and cumbersome rival dirt devil broom vac . 
no lights ,  no itunes ,  no phone vibrating ,  nothing . 
oxo is recommended by america s test kitchen as well . 
i use moisturizer along with it ,  and bought a primer but have not been able to use it yet . 
when these speakers don t receive a signal for a while ,  they shut themselves off . 
i won t buy another unless there is some kind of warranty . 
the size of the cover is very good . 
i ve just ordered a replacement basket as mine is finally beginning to show signs of wear . 
we ve been subscribers to cook s illustrated magazine for maybe num_num years now . 
find a local roaster or roast your own . 
the bass is too low if you re not able to adjust it with an equalizer . 
it sounds like there is additional fuzz in the treble . 
i ve also grilled steaks and hamburgers ,  baked bread ,  potatoes ,  and vegetables ,  all with perfection . 
why is this ?  i have no earthly idea . 
let s face it :  french press coffee is vile . 
that s when i knew there had to be something i could do about it . 
upon all the led light bulbs i ve been buying ,  this proves to be the most reliable . 
well worth buying ,  if you can burn the money . 
i am becoming a bigger fan of the joyce chen products everyday . joyce chen burnished bamboo utensil set . 
the plastic cover is a great safety feature for storage . 
i have a brita pitcher so the filters need to changed . 
camera was well taken care of never dropped or abused . 
find a demonstration model in a computer store and try typing on it . 
the difference comes in the fact that making milkshakes with this blade vs . 
i am currently searching for a new presto !  . 
i really like this case ,  but it scratches easily . 
its inside are plastic made and easy to fall off . 
scissors are sturdy yet conveniently come apart for cleaning . 
as a holder only it is ok ,  but you don t have to spend $ for that . 
we loved it till the squirrel noticed it and started jumping on it trying to get to the food . 
the cost is low ,  the feature set just right and it just works . 
this was only a num_extend turkey and it took num_num cleanings . 
it does do a good job and it goes on the phone nicely . 
this bowl is terrific for gripping the counter top . 
take care of your board and it will last a lifetime . 
my hair is growing really fast and i don t have nearly as much falling out . 
stations that i can get with a much smaller radio come in with a lot of static . 
good price if i had fit the wires i needed to be covered . 
since other reviewers have mentioned the same thing ,  this is clearly a recurring problem . 
when are they going to quit saying those same stupid things that they ve been saying for years . 
i purchased this watch to help me train for a race . 
pays for itself after the first few uses . 
i think it is the most wonderful gift i had ever received for xmas . 
however ,  this supp made my anxiety go through the roof !  i couldn t stop sweating turning red and freaking out . 
i can plug it anywhere and will fit on a power strip without clearance issue . 
i waited two years to write a review . 
but .  .  . i gave it another try the next morning ,  horrible result . 
love anything bundt and was happy to purchase this soft cover of the original bundt cookbook . 
the pin goes all the way in not what i expected . 
it finally gave up the ghost ,  so this is what i got . 
right now i have five chef knives on this rack . 
helps when my plantar flares up to keep my foot immobile but no way on wearing all night . 
i bought this thermometer to replace a num_num year old taylor thermometer which has given excellent service . 
however ,  i m gonna give this to a couple with dainty cats . 
no more cradle or wires to haul around  or loose  . 
num_num a month ?  so nope gotta find an alternative . 
unfortunately ,  for me they are not true to size . 
i consider five years of every day use good for any appliance in this price range . 
the case is far more critical for me than either of those two things . 
i didn t try it on my carpet yet . 
i specifically searched for the cable to at least be num_extend
anarchy online invaded my life for several months ,  unfortunately . 
microplane graters have been a wonderful kitchen accessory for some time . the professional level of grater is far superior . 
the legs have fallen out of their slots on more then one occasion . 
hope it works !  i ll be back if it doesn t . i m back . 
it was also not a simple chore to swap them out . 
you can t put much water in and once it s in ,  it easily spills . 
i ordered this guy after we got there from amazon as soon as we had an address set up . 
its been over num_num months and the case is still looks new . 
only things i ve used it on ,  but it has worked beautifully . 
one of the best grinders on the market . 
i absolutely love these non stick tortilla bowl makers . 
he put num_num of the wheels on and snapped the base together and has not touched it since . 
it is into one timed mission ,  to start another . 
i ordered num_num of these for general purpose use in the kitchen and around the house . 
i expect many years of use from this product . 
i will never buy from this company again . 
i bought this to grind flax seeds and it does that very well . 
this is a perfect ,  inexpensive machine that facilitatesa simple and natural process . 
i have a large dog and so actual whole pig ears would be better for her . 
i have had the plain vanilla timer for ages and love it . 
i brush their teeth every other day and was hoping this will also help in reducing tartar build up . 
it has a spicy midly sweet scent to it . 
you get what you pay for in this case !  !  . 
the lid is lighter ,  however ,  so it evens out . 
i have not used it to poach eggs ,  so i don t know how that works . 
other than that ,  it s a great little cooker !  . 
i used vaseline around the lid and pot edge hoping that it would keep it from sticking . 
i like coffee but this espresso coffee drink was too strong for me . 
bought @ amazon . com and received it just one day . 
was bought so that it didn t take up a pci slot . 
even a professional will admire your prize possession of this mixer . 
when i got these ,  to my surprise ,  the treats looked like something to feed a mouse . 
the inside is dense but not really grainy but just rather tasteless . 
it does give spoken turn by turn directions ,  and i found the routes to be pretty reasonable . 
that works better than trying to make the wireless on this actually work . 
seems to work well ,  i ve had ,  ine two years . 
in fact if it had a gurantee i would request one . 
ok ,  it s not nuclear powered ,  but this can get a quart of water boiling in just a few minutes . 
twix especially looking more sick than ever . there s just no way possible i could recommend this product . 
the only reason i gave two stars was because they were packed well and they look good . 
than the unit stopped fully recharging and goes slow . 
the device was used ,  which i know is already stated . 
it s more than a basic charging dock for your ipod touch num_extend
i have use the mirror ones for my num_extend iphone and it was thick . 
this has a nice even edge so it can get under the food with a clean quick wipe . 
the fork is a bit more expensive ,  but the quality of this fork makes up the difference . 
very durable and not madeof your typical cheap material that most other made in china cables are . 
also ,  for it to work well you need to be in an extremely small room . 
great value if you re looking for a solution to the antenna problem . 
we make coffee every morning and always use whole bean . 
this item arrived and it was not past it s due date . 
it was rather strong ,  which i don t mind . 
took a couple of attempts to get him comfortable with the noise but once we did he was ok . 
i am looking forward to trying to make pasta and sausages . 
it propped my phone up but i could not use certain screen protectors with it . 
the texture of this licorice it gritty rather than chewy . 
sure there were positive reviews ,  but all the negative reviews were too important to simply ignore . 
the last point is that the buttons are uncomfortably hard to press . 
i ve used this set over the past year ,  and it still looks like new . 
i m not sure how this has so many good reviews . 
i will ask amazon to send me a replacement ,  as it must have been defective . 
the reason is that the top lever is too cheaply made and it flexes . 
i guess large drives are not ready for prime time especially for large file work . 
i jog every day and i always wear sunblock . 
i should have bought this years ago when i started cooking . 
the result is a knife that is remarkably responsive and balanced . 
pay the extra money if you need a good jogger and get the nv . 
this means that this charger will charge those devices slower but that is perfectly fine by me . 
one of the cows  legs broke the very first shot i took with it . 
my son loves this toy gun ,  having asked for it above all the other nerf guns . 
the cookies are also perfectly round and professional looking . 
they are the old kind  better than none  and not the new silicone gaskets . 
it s easy to buy replacement brush heads ,  and that is a big plus . 
for the price ,  they are a great investment . 
it just sprays everywhere and makes a mess . 
i prefer my cheaper cover girl eyeliners from my local drugstore . 
the chicken came out beautifully cooked ,  perfectly browned . 
this filter not only works for the dust and dirt . 
french press coffee is known for its full ,  rich flavor . 
i usually did it outside straight into the trash can . 
obviously years of use will add a patina of scratches to this tool ,  but here ,  the thing . 
i mean scrapers in general ,  but this one is decent . it will melt tho . 
this is a tremendous pitcher ,  not just a measuring cup . 
my preference is to have my phone on my belt ,  not in my pocket . 
the screen guards happily retain a soft ,  silky feel that is very nice . 
save your money and buy some songs from itunes . 
they said this router doesnt work with my wireless adapter and i needed to buy a netgear adapter  wtf ?  !   . 
the ipod snaps in relatively easily but the edges hug too close and tightly to the screen . 
one usually has to mitigate the results or average the ratings a bit though . 
the sides of the pan are the perfect height . 
it looks cakey and thick on your face . 
i normally wear a size num_num but these were too tiny . 
i spent num_num hours to get the card working . 
on first use we didn t get any flow ,  but i figured the filter needed to be primed . 
i sat down ,  watched television and let it take over a huge room . 
however ,  after about a month of use the cutting blade seemed to be sort of dull . 
it s greasy but works great and doesn t have all the unnecessary chemicals . 
people say the grinder makes a huge difference . 
it is amazing how much longer the life of this new battery is . 
i ve heard from others that that feature could be causing the problem ,  but we will see . 
seems to be well made and of good quality . 
the bottom of the case was enclosed in soaked cardboard . 
while the flavor is better ,  unfortunately the meat is of such poor quality that it s difficult to recommend . 
could be a fluke ,  but my unit was defective straight out of the box . 
go figure ? cannot truly recommend this ,  to bad the company does not offer the little sample packets . 
it s slim andquality  poor  :  the plastic over ear hook broke within a month of owning this headset . 
this is the best smartphone i have ever used in my mobile life . 
i ll have to get num_num more of these for my bar later ! notes about the juicer : it s solidly built . 
like another reviewer mentioned they almost sheer when held up to the light . 
the wired set was easy to connect but the wires were cumbersome and distracting . 
i ve filed a claim with the seller and will update my review when they ve had a chance to respond . 
i haven t tried any of the silver colored ones yet ,  but i d expect the same outcome . don t waste your money . 
this is a really nice product and the price was exceptional . 
but it works the same as all the other lotions i ve used . 
i have an avid chewer ,  a terrier ,  so much so that i call him the toy destroyer . 
i prefer french grey salt for taste and since it is a fine grain it can be  applied  evenly . 
i got this for using purigen ,  a renewable filter media . 
i needed a camera quick because i had a trip to san francisco and denver coming up . 
i bought this pitcher to replace the old plastic one i ve been using for years to make tea in . 
i purchased several of these pans for a wedding cake i was making . 
i would have only given this one star ,  but it is ok for doing abs work . 
i ordered this network router for my home office . 
it s the thinnest cover i could find .   my solution is to not use the back cover . 
you are better off picking your own quality fabrics and supplies for less money than this kit . 
i would skip these and get magformers instead . 
bought num_num and both of them ended up with broken ends . 
i m switching back to neutrogena rapid tone repair . 
this particular lame is just not sharp enough . 
any way ,  the graphics are poor for the gcn . 
this pitcher is great for mixing frozen juice . 
i have already placed the order for a new one for my iphone num_extend
two months later and i still do not have a working unit . 
i ve had zagg for num_extend years on num_num iphones kindle fire ,  ipad and now samsung num_extend
this beats by far any hand mixer i have ever seen . 
these are serrated ,  so they keep their cutting edge sharp when used on hard dinner plates . 
when questioned ,  he stated that maca s lead content is lower than this . 
i don t like to iron clothes ,  or even steam them . 
the one notch broke off with the first good turn . 
installation is quick and easy . the material of the outer case is nice and shows no fingerprints or smudges . 
i donated the remainder of the case to the local food bank . 
i stopped using it after a few weeks . 
i ve never been a fan of anything other than outdoor grilling . 
i am not going to keep it ,  so i am not going to check it out . 
the stovetop popper gives popcorn with the very best texture and flavor in just a few minutes . 
i think the secret is that she can t get it all in her mouth at once . 
it really hasn t been an issue for me . 
yes ,  it can sometimes be a pain in the ass to open and close this lock with the key . 
for the first time ever ,  num_num hours between a charge . 
this is not just a water filter ,  folks . 
i was wearing the lanyard with the playsport while floating in the  lazy river  ride at a water park . 
in looking at comments on the ag website ,  i found numerous complaints about poor success rates . 
it s made durable enough ,  but could have been better . 
our can opener is now dying after about num_num years . 
no more struggling with separating coffee filters from one another . 
even though this cost less from amazon than elsewhere ,  it is a bit pricey . 
the shipping was good , it was vacum pick , and arrived early . 
in between i try to dry it as often as i can . 
it s faster ,  has more features ,  better battery life and easier to use now . 
the nubs could be raised a little more to fit better into the divets to  lock  the phone together . 
so far it hasn t clouded . does it s job ,  is easy to clean and keeps the fat out of the gravy . 
audio randomly sounds like a tape slowing down and speeding up . 
not much to say about this but the name pyrex says it all . 
it is narrower ,  but slightly thicker and longer to balance out the internal capacity . 
i am actually using it as an alarm . 
he wanted to know why i had put bacon bits  or the taste of them  into his tea . 
it tastes like sugar and water with some nasty extra flavoring . 
for some reason ,  i expected that dockers would sell a better belt . 
after a couple of weeks of use ,  the rubber portion starts to separate from the plastic . 
the nonstick surface is crap . i ve owned this pan less than three months . 
this lasted two uses for me ,  and then the red brush part detached . 
i ve gone through quite a few chargers that always end up fraying or just stop working . 
usually when i cut brisket ,  it shreds rather than slices . 
but because it moves so much air ,  it works so well . 
so far i have been very happy with my zo . 
this knife is so good ,  it feels dangerous . 
i bought the num_num straight leg jean three years ago from tractor supply company in size num_extend
amazon s reseller are charging whatever the market will bear . please understand i am not knocking amazon . 
i needed the help of a pro to clear those out . 
worse ,  the paint has a bad tendency to peel when wet and chip when dry . 
the holder is super nice and holds the thirstystone coaster set perfectly . 
things like beets ,  sweet potatoes  expect to have to work some on these  ,  turnips ,  etc . 
this seems like it would have been such an easy fix . 
i love that they are dishwasher safe  i hand wash the lids  . 
if you can do one you can do both here . 
if i stay away from oily beans there s no static problem . 
this product doesn t make any sense to me . 
i never have wires all over the place anymore . 
yes ,  even when you don t use a lot of product . 
like i said ,  this is a thoughtless and annoying design . 
what a waste of good money !  cost me an equivalence of us $  !  !  !  . 
i do have a great mixer ,  so why to bother with a processor too . 
worst ,  their manager used to call me after midnight . 
i wish there were better alternatives ,  but for price this is it . 
the rubber ring around the base keeps it from moving on countertops or the corner of your num_extend
when i checked the order it was listed as num_extend again . 
in the past ,  i ve ordered the seidio batteries but after upgrading phones a few times ,  they just add up . 
i haven t had any problem whatsoever with this charger and bought several for my family and friends . 
the commuter series doesn t protect like the defender series ,  however ,  it is easier to use and charge . 
the convection function still works ,  it s just the microwabe section that s failed . 
i have obviously only used it in the car going and coming from work . 
if i have extra in the bowl i just replug it and it heats up again . 
i have purchased this toy along with the beaver ,  raccoon and ladybug of the same brand . 
i also have an iphone num_extend and an android ,  but i love the blackberry for my business . 
the pointer doesn t move smooth like regular mouse . 
i own several pairs of these jeans ,  same size ,  same everything . 
the battery failed to charge after only two years . 
in fact ,  i mistook it for garbage at first and almost threw it away . 
as other reviewers mention ,  it looks terrific ,  and you can t beat the price here on amz . 
but knowing that i may have to pay another $ to return them if they are too big . 
i m very glad that i bought it ,  i ll recommend to everybody that wants to by a phone charger . 
the lodge camp dutch oven lid lifter is very lightweight . 
when the thermostat goes off the fan just circulates cold air . 
when i do need one though ,  this one is great . 
and ,  to make matters worse ,  the manufacturer adds fructose sugar to the recipe ,  which adds an inappropriate sweet note . 
well , thanks to this can opener ,  i no longer have sharp edges ,  just smooth ,  beautiful edges . 
the cool blue clock digits also match my microwave s clock . 
too bad because i love the slipper otherwise . 
you can cut through food and turn heavier foods without it drooping because of the heat . 
i get tired of always fighting goblins ,  zombies ,  and aliens . 
as a product it was a great idea for that purpose . 
without the battery cover the batteries fell out at the slightest bump . 
i do not plan to buy this sauce in the future . 
i bought this to replace a much more expensive unit that finally broke . 
i bought this so i could have an internet connection with both my xbox num_num and my computer . 
i got this for my wife to use at the gym . 
i deducted one star for the price of the set . 
i ve owned a lot of carpet cleaners over the years ,  and this is the best so far . 
it was listed starting they re were only num_num left in stock and out was priced at $
next time i ll spend the extra money and hopefully have better luck . 
i was initially hesitant to order this pitcher because of prior reviews mention lid and handle issues . 
and it s dishwasher safe ,  too ,  with one caveat . 
just as easy to pair ,  and similar voice quality . overall it is worth the price and feels well built . 
just enough so it appears that they care . 
unlike other reviewers ,  mine actually measured above num_num degrees and they probably didn t let their syrup boil long enough . 
during the longest period of connectivity was my heaviest use as well . 
it s a bit annoying ,  but it s worth it . 
i end up sending it back for a refund . 
but i am so pleased that i did . 
i use mason jars for canning food and storing dry goods ,  so these lids are invaluable . 
the c . a . r . b spout is difficult to use and nearly worthless . 
i ve been making fresh bread and bagels every week and it s been no hassle . 
this may be good for you but it taste awful to me !  won t be buying this again . 
again ,  great protectors . side note .  .  . be extremely careful while putting this on . 
recently the little wire mic cover has come unglued as well . 
it would work fine on the floor where the router was . 
very fair !  !  !  did they even test this ?  ?  ?  wrestlemania num_num had a better career mode !  enuff num_extend many animations . 
also i ran across a couple of bugs . 
to get hot lather ,  which is nice ,  you first have to get the device installed on top the can . 
this is a real ,  quality ,  motorola accessory and i highly recommend it !  . 
invicta should be ashamed to put their name on such a tool . 
the build quality on the num_extend rail case is night and day better than this flimsy phonesuite brand . 
also ,  it doesn t stick out ,  away from your face ,  like some bluetooths . 
for that purpose alone the num_extend is perfect . 
it is easy to install and remove the tools once you have done it once . 
i received a bottle as a vine sample but i would not spend my own money to purchase one . 
there were three screen protectors and they all had the same problem . 
it workson severalphones in my home . the side plug help wit more space in the outlet . 
i tried this as a way to steam them in the microwave . 
i store many things in canning jars now such as ,  coconut and all different kinds of nuts . 
it is much better than having to clean to mixer prior to using it each time . 
judging from what i said above ,  i bought the first one more than num_num years ago . 
this battery is for the atrix ,  and will not work properly with a droid x or num_extend
check this out before you buy another one . 
i use them daily and enjoy the comfortable feel of their handles . 
henckels knives that i wanted to keep in top shape . 
i rubbed it ,  heated it ,  and threw it in the oven to keep it clean . 
you are paying for packaging ,  and little else that cannot be purchased elsewhere for much ,  much cheaper . 
cher ps the htc droid incredible is totally awesome . 
a definite huge step up from whatever lousy free  buds you may have gotten with your player . 
i had other pens that work a lot better than these ones . yet always keep it . 
the num_extend smart pen is one of the best i ve tried . 
there are no camera angle changes ,  and no num_num degree control . 
a wonderful product ,  and my husband loves all the breads that i can make now . 
after extensive research on the more expensive grinders we decided to give this capresso grinder a try . 
i thought comfortable around eye area would be good but actually really cheap foam . 
i did not need it for the phone but i have more uses for it ,  thanks . 
and stoneware will also chip ,  and break if dropped ,  etc . 
i purchased prior to taking a num_num day weekend trip and was able to use extensively . 
i own several upscale table radios from different manufacturers but i had wanted a tivoli for a long time . 
got this as a gift for a foodie in my household . 
if they just made this about a half inch deeper and wider ,  it would be perfect . 
i can t speak about the function of the oil because i sprayed it only once . 
the next time i popped two batches using one powercup concentrator . 
i like that it has too plugs for two usb cables . 
lowfat milk makes it taste flat ,  empty ,  like something important is missing . 
we use it when preparing meals for larger groups  e . g . 
your sausage ends up looking like hot dog or bologna meat . 
twice i got extremely awful taste  very sour and astringent  . 
this helps a lot for cleaning potatoes that i buy that happen to be pretty dirty . 
some of the parts cannot go in the dishwasher . 
cleanup is easy since you can toss it into the diswasher without fear of rust . 
faberware is always a good realistic priced product . 
i thought maybe the outlet had failed and tried a different one but the blender still didn t work . 
we have not ,  however ,  had any problems with durability . 
the music is cheaper and the story is stupid . 
once ,  after num_num hours ,  i went to pour the coffee out because i thought it was cold . 
i just wish they had more colors because i would ve bought them all . 
i have another speedloader case bought from midwayusa and the quality difference was vast but the price was not . 
there are way too many places for pet hair to collect where it is hard to remove . 
i will post a photo of the damage tonight . 
where the problem was immediately obvious ,  a wire was not soldered to the fingernail sized circuit board . 
if you want to talk on a handset rather than your iphone ,  this product will do the trick . 
you will do better buying something much cheaper than buying this current formulation . 
this has to be the worst wwf wrestling game i have ever played . 
this is the worst case i have ever seen . 
the realook is definitely flat at its edges . 
this case looks sharp and feels good and does what it says . 
i bought this in a store because i was low in supply at home . 
so inevitably the other parts of my lips become increasingly red . 
so $ for this kit was very much worth it . 
i bought this phone for my num_num year old father in law . 
it ll irritate you no end in the beginning but you get used to it . 
leaving off the crock was a poor move . 
they really gleam ,  right out of the dishwasher . 
unfortunately ,  after a few hours of being totally entranced by the smell ,  both my cats ignored it . 
the breadman panini maker is a welcome addition to my kitchen . 
has a beautiful rumble and would make a great addition to a home theater . 
this is a great juicer iv been using it over a year and its great . 
you shouldn t have to play a game num_num times to get through it . 
i am not a great cook but this helps . 
these have made it really simple to bake . 
i recommend going with the fox labs products . 
my girlfriend lost hers and needed a replacement . 
it landed on gravel and shattered into num_extend of shards . 
but i m seriously considering switching back to the disposable ones . 
easily worth five times what i paid for it . 
when i got it i was pleased by how sparkly and deep purple the cover is . 
it s completely clear ,  but the color is a saturated pink . 
plus ,  it is num_num times more economical  cheaper  ,  now i figured out . 
it definitely comes in handy if traveling for the weekend . 
so i know that it wasn t destroyed by a careless third party . 
perfect fit did not have to trim corners . 
the box doesn t appear to be labeled for direct shipping . 
last summer amazon carried another organic brand that was superior to this one . 
we gave him this and after initial uncertainty ,  this became his favorite . 
this is the worse num_extend game i ve ever played . 
grinder can be set to grind for num_num to num_num cups of coffee . 
large buttons ,  big numbers ,  loud buzzer that stops after about num_num seconds ,  has over timer and works perfectly . 
weapon system was a strong point in the game ,  finding items and creating a weapon out of them . 
guests love using it ,  and it is a bit of a novelty . 
very simple easy to use digital thermometer for ensuring the food has reached the correct temperature . 
since cleaning is super easy i guess this is fine but i was a bit surprised . 
it might take a few tries to get the screen protector on straight without any bubbles showing . 
the recess for the index finger rubs against the back of the finger when you are cutting . 
the machine is high enough to accommodate high rising loaves so i have been very pleased . 
the baby tires of it and rolls away from it after about three minutes . 
i believe the price is usually around $
that s how we judged video games back then . 
i also liked its compact design for use in travel . 
otterbox used to be one of the best guess i m going back to seidio . 
it turns out the fruit thief is not the rabbit after all . 
aluminum from a soda can would work ,  too . 
i was excited about this toy since i had one when i was little . 
it does not have a chili consistency and the various ingredients are not blended well . 
woohoo !  the smell is not offensive to human noses . 
 . after several weeks ,  it starts leaking and some of the  functions  do not work like when it was new . 
i really don t like the way it s made but otherwise it s cute but just not on me . 
i lives up to the expectations . gs ii looks super sexy in this case . 
the variable carafe hotplate control is nice as well ,  because i hate burnt coffee . 
starting with an odd series on krypton ,  which take a little getting used to ,  and can be difficult . 
don t know what i was expecting from these . 
given how many complaints have appeared concerning this unit ,  you would do well to check reviews of comparable models . 
and that tail whips around way too fast . 
it does not charge a nokia lumia num_extend
farewell ,  old salt .  .  . b  it sucks making tapes ,  however . 
the one stencil that actually matches my eyebrow shape is way too thick . 
they have also held up extremely well  :   . 
this is apparently a cheap counterfeit ,  made to look like the real blackberry battery . 
this color is not what it looks like in person compared to the picture online . 
i ve been using it for over a year and it is still working fine . 
my strawberries are putting out little shoots that want to grow roots . 
who puts a salad spinner in the dishwasher ?  just rinse the lettuce bits off and let it air dry . 
leaning back ,  you can completely flatten it against the chair . 
the sheets ,  mattress and pillows all dry quickly because of the low level heat . 
this has a very strong fragrance ,  one that i don t particularly care for . 
i pictured tiny tapas sized molds and got large molds that don t really do the shapes justice . 
i have several digital probe thermometers ,  but each requires you to insert ,  read and withdraw . 
i ve never had any issues ,  but if it ever stops working ,  i will buy the same grinder again . 
i have looked on amazon for them and don t see them . 
maxell ,  your headphones are bad and you should feel bad . the sound is low . 
i have put it in bed with him and he never pressed the button by mistake . 
it s entertaining for a little bit watching the zombies fall apart at the hands or blades  of ash s chainsaw . 
 box contains num_num double packets; each double packet contains two num_num gram portions of starter . 
if your using it for potatoes then think again unless it s just for one . 
it looks formidable ,  has a nice ,  industrial looking finish ,  and grinds well ,  uniformly ,  and quietly . 
i love the phone and was concerned that if dropped i would be picking up pieces forever . 
i still feel the  clip plain  after wearing it for num_num min . 
the little wheels slip so easily ,  even for an adult . 
so oily and does not go away when i rinse it . do not like it . sd s s sfa e efa . 
there s been no abuse or damage ,  so there s no reason for the failure . 
but ,  the blender leaves more chunks of uncut material than should be the case for one of this price . 
and this was a very reasonably priced bra that fit . 
one of the plastic tabs broke on the very first use . 
a lot of these recipes require these attachments . 
i would suggest either have a fixed plug that doesn t fold ,  or have it lock into the  open  position . 
it s a thick white powder ,  not translucent like mineral veil is supposed to be . 
the tarts shells for the quiches turned out perfectly !  the weights cleaned very easily too . 
for me this product was a waste of money . 
once paired with an iphone num_extend it will pipe all audio to the headset . 
they fit the wide mouth jars and won t rust like the metal lids eventually do . 
i ve purchased countless numbers of mugs that are advertised as thermal and drip proof . 
maybe i am not using these like i have to . 
the material is just not conducive for play for more than a minute . 
num_num hours later i was throwing it up . 
that s a difference of $ which is about a % savings . 
the edges were poorly cut ,  the seam was poorly molded . 
i bought it from amazon . com when it was on sale . 
it is also expensive for such a small bar . 
i like the peppermint in the neti stik better . 
i heard that you could use a drinking glass to cut the dough . well ,  that didn t work well for me . 
we puchased tthe adams cups because they resemled the old ones . 
the unit itself is attractive ,  and i liked it over all ,  it worked very well . 
in some reviews ,  people mentioned that the cheese cutter did not arrive aligned correctly . 
update :  i stopped using this product after ring out that it is not num_extend as other opi polished . 
immediately ran out and bought another set but later found out they had changed the design slightly . 
we do not have a extra thick curtain rod . 
nice to have them off the counter and out of the way . 
makes an attractive serving after i have removed the twine from each wedge prior to serving the meal . 
took a while to figure out how to put them in . 
they ve destroyed projects that i ve saved on them . 
there is only a hint of that starbucks goodness imho . 
sinks are hard and a little bump can cause damage to expensive items . 
this case is not ugly but it leaves a lot to be desired in terms of looks . 
i would prefer having one that looks like the one illustrated . 
the small phillips head driver wore out before i got all the screws out . 
the only reason it doesn t have num_extend to num_num stars overall is because people are ,  well ,  different . 
already tonight i ve needed to unplug it twice to reset it . 
good product as a backup for other cables . 
the glue didn t hold so the clamping base separated from the stem that allows the meter to swivel . 
i bought one of these about num_num years ago . 
another $ coaster . when i start the game ,  a window pops up and it says ,   the game cannot start . 
i suppose they are better than nothing but i m really not happy with them . 
i bought this because it can be used on any stove to clean and polish it . 
i have had num_num or so invicta s over the years and have had to send some back for service . 
now the drill will not work at all; a piece has broken inside where you stick the bit in . 
you any beat the price along with free shipping . 
i decided to box it back up and pay a couple hundred bucks more for quality . 
this game was said to have been much more than it is . 
though they don t drain a car s battery ,  they do lessen the playing time of your ipod or player . 
after spending months reviewing machines i settled on this one and am disappointed . 
i ended up finding num_num num_extend chips in the glass and i noticed it fogging on the inside . 
you can almost cut yourself by simply handling them by their edges . 
i mean ,  i felt like i was playing final fight or double dragon again . 
had no problem paring it with a lg num_extend lg num_num and a htc design . 
this is fine by me as i do not move around with the phone when i am at work . 
i really like the fact that its a magnetic closure . 
easy to open ,  easy to close ,  no leakage . 
they are beautiful ,  durable and machine washable !  highly rec . 
you wonder exactly what this game is about after all . 
i am very ,  very disappointed with this product . july ,  num_extend
i was looking for a rich dark red as shown . 
the size num_num were too small and the size num_num were too large . 
then i inserted the sim and removed the film . 
i m back again buying another bluetooth after my cat ate yet another num_extend and counting  . 
to sum it all up ,  it s a good game idea ,  wrapped in technically flawed garbage . 
the digital display and time still work fine but the mechanical hands start to fail . 
i m returning the trimmer; i m assuming amazon just throws these away when returned  i hope  . 
i also ordered the  clamp  style peeler to ensure options for use . 
my biggest gripe with this remote is it s range . 
at first you think it s going to be a challenge . 
i received two of these griddles for christmas num_extend and absolutely love them . i use them on my gas range . 
it does not inter fear with reception or anything . 
these are small pieces of plastic that you can do some cutting on . 
the only thing i have discovered is that i have better results using thicker sliced bread . 
hard to stay that intensely focused for that length of time . 
after listening for several days ,  i decided to return it . 
the depth issue also makes me bump my hand on the cutting board when i am holding the knife . 
there is also a very strong flavor of cinnamon . 
this is a very nice little crock pot . 
it s safe ,  easy to use ,  easy to wash ,  and makes chopping less of a chore . 
previously ,  joby forced you to buy another tripod to use with other devices . 
but on examination ,  one sees it is made of no . 
i was lucky that in early october ,  best buy chose to offer the fascinate for free . 
the two halves unscrew ,  and you put kibble in it . 
they are very narrow and don t fit the average num_extend
you get what you pay for so i should not complain too much . 
it should be stated somewhere that these are little girl earrings . 
but the cost to produce this must be about num_num cents ,  if that . 
third ,  the remote doesn t work across the room unless you hold your mouth and wrist just right . 
apparently that was a misguided assumption on my part . 
i like that it s retractable plus i also like that the retractable cord is extra thin . 
this is the worst kitchen appliance i ve ever owned . 
that being said i was using a wall charger that came with the phone . 
i love waffles and this contraption makes great waffles . 
great product ,  easy to install and very durable . 
i should have known that anything with atari , looks like atari . 
it works fine and makes the expresso perfectly . 
the sturdy wood handle is great to manoeuvre the wok to get some brown color on the side . 
i have enjoyed using this product over the years . 
i tried it a few times and each day i d come home and my skin would hurt beneath it . 
we have used it over num_num years and had no problems . 
num_num years ago ,  i had some little wussy thing that i gave to goodwill . 
we returned ours and luckily got a full refund from the store we purchased it from . 
the best part is the way it unlocks the aroma and flavor when you grind . 
for the last num_num years my husband i have not been preventing pregnancy ,  but not trying either . 
my other set block out even more noise and have better sound quality . 
shame on ea and dice for making a game so hard to register and install . 
looks like the generic chinese products won t work for an expert either .   .  .  .  only $ but i m returning . 
while my steak was resting ,  i quickly scrubbed my pan with some warm water and salt . 
it wasn t long ,  however ,  before we heard our dog choking . 
i didn t use it consistently but i feel a regular cleanser works way better than this pricy cleanser . 
was so glad to see that these clotheslines are still available !  . 
not a super big deal for me but i have had a few very frustrating moments with it . 
so ,  this talking that i said you do ,  well ,  it s pretty much reading actually . 
some other stylus s i ve used are too short and fat or too skinny to actually use . 
please check the review date on some of the less favorable reviews . 
each piece is solid and easy to lift and manage . 
a full charge came about num_num hours after being plugged in . the set also comes with micro usb ac adapter . 
i really needed it and it took about num_num weeks . 
oh you can manage to get it on alone ,  but it will be all loose and hanging and ineffective . 
but it s not an issue with the hard shell cover . 
my son is almost num_num months old ,  and has absolutely no interest in this toy . 
talk your child into some other polly pocket item than this one . 
my mom cooks probably every single day so this is quite an accomplishment for any sort of kitchen utensil . 
it took a long time to clean it up and season it again . 
this is a great grater ,  it is sharp ,  handles well and even looks good . 
it cooks evenly ,  never sticks and is easy to clean . 
i turned it off ,  washed it off ,  and then it never worked correctly again . 
edit :  so i exchanged it but unfortunately ,  my dog doesnt like it at all . 
maybe i got an old one ?  ?  anyway ,  won t bother to buy this again . 
both of the canisters were opened at the same time and stored in the same cabinet . 
california based companies typically have my packages delivered to me within two days . 
never thought i needed this little tool until i got one . 
it is missing some protection at the top of the phone but no big deal . 
this product ,  like many others ,  may work for some ,  but not all . 
it is thick ,  so only a little bit is needed ,  but it isn t fully absorbed by my skin . 
but ,  there is . this chef knife is great ,  and for the price ,  it s way better than some more expensive brands . 
the best are still num_extend and il num_num sturmovic also il num_num ace expansion pack . 
i gave this game num_num stars because of good graphics and good entrances that s it . 
i had to play around with the settings at first . 
i m just happy that they finally made a mirror screen protector for the iphone num_extend
very flexible ,  but strong neck allows positioning to suit your needs . 
i really like the taste of these chocolates ,  but they almost certainly use gmo ingredients . 
i like the medium setting as it mimics the sound of the air conditioner . 
also i use them in kitchent to help organize different size dishes ,  plates to save cupboard space . 
this is one of the worst shooters i have played in a long time . 
it also blocks out background noise as well . 
it doesn t have radio or recording function ,  while many other players have integrated these functions . 
that is a long time !  so of course my replacement was going to be a west bend . 
what did i ever do before these were invented ?  i use mine every day . 
so you see it in the first pitcher with a new filter . 
purchased this for my num_num year old son . 
not so good for marathons if you sweat a lot . 
it seems to work ok but sometimes you want a product for more than just functionality . 
unfortunately i have num_num different cup sizes and none of them was fitting below like the picture . 
the sound on both ends of a phone call are very good too . the fit for me is almost perfect . 
i do not know what i do not understand about buying pants but these fit so weird . 
i have tried whole foods num_num mayo and this spectrum canola mayo . 
the detachable water piece is nice ,  though i never detach it . 
the last brush i used was from the dollar store and didn t last very long . 
so easy and much faster to get the lids on the jars for their water bath or pressure cooker . 
i found it to be very messy and not very effective . 
i know it is a veneer ,  but you would never tell just by looking at it . 
i use a tupperware juice container with measurements on it and a pour spout . 
this organizer for my daughters small kitchen is very nice and very sturdy . 
i don t wear these while sparring or free rolling ,  but for practice it works well . 
hence it got num_num starswe prefer to poach eggs and that is the big disappointment with this unit . 
thank god i had real ice cream in my freezer . 
i was disappointed :  the lexar card was even slower than the delkin card . 
it said it would fit the etrex num_num but it didn t . 
the inside of this bottle emits very strong plastic smell ,  which to me indicates a lot of leaching . 
if you need something of high quality that will protect your phone ,  this casemate will certainly do the job . 
these both work ,  but clearly the espresso grind will extend your brew time . 
it grips tightly to the windshield and hasn t fallen off once . 
after i forced myself to finish most of it ,  i suffered from really bad heartburn afterwards . 
sorry ,  i am very disappointed and annoyed ,  with clif bar and with amazon . com . 
it has none of the issues listed above and will certainly last a life time . 
but oh well ,  it s a good price for num_num cases . 
the handle also stays cool to the touch . 
this was a waste of money and time and effort to assemble this puzzle . 
as the title says .  .  .  . but i drive a lot for work and have num_num cell phones . 
however ,  the night cream is definitely worth it . 
i never had any problem with something fitting until now . 
i was really hoping that this monocular would be good enough for birdwstching . 
the bottom of the pot stained pretty quickly . 
i had the otterbox for num_num months for my evo shift . 
why would they change the ingredients after all these years ?  so disappointing . 
i generally like zyliss products and added this one to my kitchen . 
the music also fits the mood just right . 
i unrolled the leaves and sprayed the spray directly on the worms . 
this binder is so stiff and uncomfortable ,  i can really only wear it for a few hours . 
honestly ,  this thing is solid enough that you could knock someone out with it if you had to . 
the bear is too stiff and sheds like crazy . 
this wheel is great because it is duel purpose and works very well . 
so glad to have found a soap pump that is practical and works . 
i am pleased with these screen protectors ,  the price is great and they do the job . 
way too sweet for something that s supposed to be  healthy .  maybe little kids would like it as a treat . 
it wound up being welded to the oven bottom ,  a complete piece of garbage ,  don t bother . 
because of it s weight it is not a light push and my puppy lost interest in it fast . 
they are easy to clean and make delicious fruit rolls !  not much else to say about them . 
the label says its blackest black but its brown !  . 
i bought this to replace the original battery that came with my htc evo num_extend
oh yeah ,  and i forgot . loading .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . loadingloadingloadingloadingstill loading .  .  . you get my point . 
i had an old black pair of koss headphones that i loved . 
i d rather do something more immediately gratifying or worthwhile ,  like playing an actually fun game ,  or reading . 
the bread canister goes in my stainless steel interior dishwasher at sanitary setting . 
it small profile is prefect in tight areas . 
it s too bad that aspartame is what makes this drink so deliciously sweet . 
works great on parmesan ,  ginger ,  and garlic too . 
this case appears to be made of an acceptable grade of plastic that will give your cells good protection . 
there must be others out there that are better quality than this one ,  go find them . 
not a combination you want to have when the safety of your wrists is at stake . 
it is convenient and results in nicely popped kernels . 
it fits nicely around my phone ,  the button popped off ,  but was easily fixed . 
as with any cover ,  they sometimes need cleaning ,  but have yet to scratch . 
i guess we all live life at num_num miles per hour these days . 
and you can play flash games too ,  if it s not hard enough . 
it didn t work in either phone said invalid battery . 
the suction cups are large and placed well for standard size shower tiles . 
i m not putting a ribeye in the microwave !  high end price on this one ,  though . 
anything i can get off my countertop makes me happy . 
i can use it when i m using perfume elsewhere ,  so there s no clash . 
oh i don t want to forget the ease of fulling the pot . 
they don t leach chemicals into my beverages ,  either . 
the case is difficult to use without ear peace . 
it does a very quick and easy job of slicing all hard cheeses . 
love anise bcos just like a good and plenty but better . 
for the price ,  this is a quality set of cutlery . 
usable speed brings my rating down to num_num stars  . 
my favorite part is that i can put it in the dishwasher !  . 
but it does make the phone feel more solid ,  and fits in my hand better . 
yea right ! senate missions consist of blockading one port after another very exhilirating . 
this otter box defender series case and holster was exactly what i needed . 
neither one has faded or degraded in any way . 
loved twizzlers and was so sad to find out i couldn t eat them anymore . 
too bad ,  cause i was pretty excited about this . 
what else can i say !  works just like it should . 
if you are an audiophile or have a good ear for music ,  then don t buy this . 
some of the easiest mixing powder formula i ve tried ,  and we ve tried a lot . 
very little so it doesn t take up a lot of room on a night stand . 
the reason for the num_num is because the screw on top will  pop  into two pieces . 
they work great ,  so i ordered num_num more !  . 
now ,  it takes two or three good headbutts to finally kill somebody . 
less num_num hours later ,  limp hair that wouldn t hold a curl . 
these are always consistent and very good quality . 
i would havi would like to say i am a regular eater of protein bars . 
i used it to glaze some chicken ,  and tasted it on a teaspoon as well . 
i was unaware of the problem so just was lucky on the particular machine i bought . 
if it works for you ,  it works great . 
i wanted to try rapid rise yeast ,  but it requires hotter than usual water . 
it says it fits all barbantia boards ,  so i figured what the heck ,  i ll just order a barbantia one . 
dough hook really adds to usefulness of mixer . 
in anticipation of this product being amazing ,  i was excited to install it at first . 
so i ordered a quantity of num_extend thinking i d receive a total of num_num for my son s birthday party . 
holmes used to make a bathroom heater ,  and i loved it . 
it isn t as noisy as my hand mixer . 
easy to use ,  cuts pizza nicely ,  cleans easily , excellent quality .  .  . highly recommend . 
who has room for all of them anyway . 
cord is too short and it does not heat up fast and does not get very hot . 
i would never put these knives in the dishwasher but apparently you can . 
this is a good product for drying out vegetables . 
i received my product today i was a bit concerned thinking it may not work . 
i used this to replace the shattered screen of my boss  boss  num_extend
the first two systems were competitively priced to compete . 
i only just received mine but i know it is going to be used very often in my household . 
i do not like that slick feel to my hair from products . 
this eureka had great reviews ,  but i most liked it  clog resistant hose  . 
need an engineering degree to operate the mechanism . 
this dock charges it and puts it at a great angle for an alarm clock . 
just takes a little getting used to in reading how much power remains in the device . 
they looked great with jeans and even my dress pants for work and a casual sweater . 
it turned out to be a big mistake . 
and ,  my family uses these scissors all of the time . 
serves the purpose but you have to be careful not to use a knife to cut the baked goods . 
used up almost the whole thing ,  did not see any lightening . 
turns out we are in a poor location for america s more modern  and supposedly superior  cdma system . 
speed num_num sounds like one of those white box fans on high . 
anyway ,  the soundtrack is really european ,  really techno ,  and really ,  really bad . 
need to get a scratching post that is sturdy for a big cat . 
the bottom bowl is pretty thin ,  which led to the handle breaking . 
even my num_num year old can attach and inflate the bed . 
the knife is sharp enough to go through the bread without any trouble . 
the whole game is silly and feels very childish . 
i have had them for almost a month now and have no problems with them at all . 
since buying and using there is a definite difference . 
i has been using a num_num year old low end model and there is no comparison . 
i have purchased num_num of these from amazon ,  neither worked . 
and it happens often enough with my num_num year old dad . check the price mentioned at the seabreeze website . 
as a result i called a particular person a few times and they couldn t hear me . 
i played through this disaster and my heart was shattered into a million tiny pieces . 
i don t believe that wii controls generally work well for flying games and this one is no exception . 
it was to close to let the charger plug in all of the way . 
probably use this size scoop most often for my cookies . 
i wish all appliances were made with this same durability . 
the phone has all of those things you don t like from the big providers . 
i only do birthday cakes for kids at home and this is perfect . 
my title says it all . agree with most other reviews . 
it is about as noisy as a hand vacuum . 
i don t know why they designed it this way . 
i suspect it will look even better the next time i clean it . 
this is my num_extend bottle of keys solar rx . 
just a little clamp and glue an it s solid . 
they cannot be removed without tearing so you cannot reapply them to make them straight . 
container stored in the refrigerator the whole time . 
if i have it clipped on my pocket ,  the eargel faces out and unavoidably rotates to its removal position . 
the game is totally linear  at least as far as i played which admittedly wasn t far  . 
this was consistent over the last num_num days i ve had the phone . 
should be made of a more  little tikes  type plastic . 
use them as the manufacturer advises; as an aid to handling utensils and food on a hot grill . 
i ve been looking for a magnetic knife holder for quite a while and finally settled on this one . 
i have a basset hound that cries and bays like crazy when i leave on my bicycle . 
these fog up on my face all the time . 
each week ,  i have to scour the rust off with steel wool . 
it does that and everything else . even with sunglasses on in the texan sun i can read my phone !  . 
i have thin hair that doesn t usually tangle all that much . 
when they were cool i made my husband bite into one . 
i highly recommend this product !  it is really fast .  .  . it just took a little practice . 
i read the other reviews and figured they must be a bunch of fat guys complaining about fit . 
there was no catching ,  or damaging the produce ,  and it took a lot less time . 
i was hoping to like this ,  at least a little bit . 
but at $ or so a pop ,  i was hoping they would be better designed and nest . 
i also own a num_num x num_num tent made by kelty which is also and excellent tent . 
i like the programming when it s turned on . 
i could sit in it and i m num_extend concept and low price however the poles are worthless . 
i believe because of the thickness ,  it was hard to get all the bubbles out ,  but worth the effort . 
but ,  i can t take salt out of a prepared food whereas others can always add salt . 
easy to setup ,  great battery life and they voice quality is really good for hands free use . 
the blade can fly from side to side ,  and the syma cannot . 
i rely on this and if ppl were not truthful ,  it totally defeats the purpose . 
it has a very strong light penetration and lasts long . 
the top plug for the headphone jack seems to be off by a millimeter or num_extend
when i reviewed all of the comments i notice that most wrote how quiet this pump is . 
por has to be the most disappointing crpg release ever . 
it feels nimble in my hand ,  is easy to work with and keeps a sharp edge . 
for the price + quantity ,  this is a good buy . 
i cut mine with a scissors ,  which resulted in small pieces of the flammable material all over my counter . 
pairing additional devices can be done by pressing the device and holding for num_num seconds . 
the rubber lock cover keeps out dirt and water . 
its floppy and has treads like a tire . 
this fixed that issue . second ,  the sound was not great . 
unlike other graters ,  when i tap this one ,  all the grated ginger falls right out . 
they work just like they say they will ,  there easy to install and are very well priced at amazon . 
and then dumping out the water and cleaning the big pot . 
an egg cooked in this machine taste so much better than boiled ,  i recommend it anyone . 
i used it and seems to do the trick on some magazine base plate work i used it for . 
we were so excited to think we found a product that would help our dog without the huge cone . 
this case fit fine ,  had a good feel ,  but i expected more for something at this price . 
the biggest issue is that the earpiece is just way ,  way to big to accommodate a normal adult ear . 
of chunky cinnamon applesauce and canned it for the winter . 
i haven t had this very long but so far it s great . 
this is a great product and zests well . 
luckily  for me  my mom bought this expensive toy for my son . 
when my braun flavorselect coffee maker unexpectedly stopped working ,  i had to scramble to find a new machine . 
i had this phone years ago before i got a smartphone . 
temperature surfing , better beans ,  roasting my own beans ,  adjusting the boiler pressure ,  darker roasts . 
before you dismiss my review ,  hear me out . 
this one protects the back ,  front ,  top ,  bottom ,  and sides . 
way to small ,  if you have a larger butt like i do they wont fit . 
bad reception at your home or office ?  just add wifi . 
i love it !  it looks great in my kitchen . 
they werent !  for microsoft to have released this piece of drek is irresponsible in the extreme . 
these are a little bit more decorative than just a normal set of chopsticks ,  . 
they are the best made glasses i have ever used and they are affordable . 
the enemies can know you are there ,  and most time they will just shoot at your direction . 
after a few uses ,  the gasket failed and started to lose pressure . 
i finally settled on this kitchen aid thermometer . 
it was difficult for me to get a good sight picture . 
mine had become torn ,  so i found this on amazon and quickly purchased . 
we even used warm water so the kids didn t have to stick their hands in cold goo . 
honestly ,  this cologne is too strong and caused several migraines  with just one spray !   . 
as one of the other reviewers pointed out ,  the battery life is very good . 
she has this on her dry erase board which makes more room on her desk . 
sound quality far better ,  radios are smaller in size and they still work . 
these arrive quickly and are of better quality than the cheaper chargers . 
the second unit emitted the same awful burning smell . went through the same incredibly long wait to customer service . 
it s not there for show . cons :  i did not realize that there is no belt clip . 
i ve used it several times and it still looks brand new !  the popcorn never burns . 
stations that came in clearly are now filled with interference . 
now its in the trash where trash should be . 
i made the mistake of throwing out the box or i would have returned it . 
but for the price it is certainly acceptible . 
this is a great utility pan in my kitchen ,  and a great price from amazon . 
i would buy something else if you want cute little princesses to play with . 
i ve been looking for something like this for a long time . 
i read the tips from other viewers and that helped . 
the medium bowl i rarely use and could do without . 
having a bunch of them ,  means they all are the same height if you want to build a num_extend
it is just what every num_extend owner needs to protect their phone !  . 
i finally asked him to call me using the number i included upon first contact . 
slightly pricey but as the saying goes ,  you get what you pay for . 
these scissors are too small and hurt my finger . 
it broke the first time i tried to use it . 
bought it to soak nuts in before making milk . 
i was satisfied with the workmanship ,  color and twill pattern of the material . 
he is not a locksmith or a professional burglar .  .  .  . he is a twelve year old kid with a fish hook . 
the charger is obviously used as the tag on the cord is very well used . 
you barely tilt the device and it gets hard to see . 
it s packed with large size pieces of fruit . 
i haven t used them yet ,  but they appear to be as advertised . 
and since i bought this used ,  vince and co . 
i follow the paula school of butter and pan fry my steaks with it . 
i wont bore you with all the scientific evidence . 
i m reviewing factions from the trilogy game set that i got . 
this charger is the same one i paid $ for at att . 
we try to be careful and push them in carefully yet determined . 
if you re slightly off ,  just squeegie it into place . 
i love this case !  i got it for half to retail price and it is pretty and durable . 
very reliable att service with this booster . same thing at home . 
durable ,  pretty ,  pricey ,  and not for my cat . 
no matter what i do if on the move these headsets will cutout . 
they are not too cheap but they are not the best . 
for a disposable ,  it actually looks pretty decent . 
it has the same plastic logo as the first pair . 
i only got to use the cable connections ,  never got time to setup a wireless connection . 
it s cute !  got num_num of them ended up giving it to my mother . 
i knew i would be thrashing my battery during the day ,  so i opted to get a backup . 
like everybody else i had assumed ,  that toy is tested . 
three more before lunch and plan to take three more before dinner . 
this is my num_extend farberware coffeepot in num_num years . 
i played for about num_num minutes and couldn t take it anymore . 
i bought one for me and one for my wife and we both love them . 
nice product and i will continue to use only blackberry products for my blackberry phone . 
a little cumbersome as it does need to sit away from the walls but worth it for less allergies . 
the picture shows black and i wanted black . 
the berries are of good quality ,  but i find them rather tasteless and too sweet . 
i also like the fact that it is small but still does the job . 
that s my opinion .  .  . you make your own decision . five stars and my recommendation . 
both are available for free download on the nokia site .  another option is to get a usb sim card reader . 
i use it everyday as it hold my oatmeal . 
i tried to explain the ipad num_num is the new ipad ,  but they weren t getting it . 
all the parts you need to clean are right there and easy to get to . 
i don t even mind that the battery powered thomas typically eats an aa battery every day or two . 
seems to be of good quality and really protects the phone at a great price . 
maybe you don t need it ,  and that s fine . 
i couldn t even make it through half a day anymore . 
it also drops a puddle of juice under the peeler as it removes the core and slices the fruit . 
the less work i have to do in the kitchen ,  the better !  . 
plus ,  i can put a few pottery items on top of it . 
grill leaves uncooked areas if height is irregular ,  like a chicken breast . 
the moisturising is good though ,  probably another fragrance would have been good . 
so ,  the actual flavor of the bars wasnt bad . 
it fits my samsung galaxy num_extend and my daughters htc evo and htc evo shift . 
i expect to get a lot of service from this one as well . 
this was my first time and i made mini brownies . 
the signal reception on this device sucks ,  simply put . 
we have used this for some time and it is terrific . 
and this definitely started occurring the day i started using the battery . 
one stuck on all flips and ended up a crumbly mess . 
a family member and myself decided to get cradle holders for out iphones . 
i have a standard screen protector on my phone . 
first ,  the color !  while the kitchen aid orange is paler than the francisfrancis !  espresso machine ,  it s a nice orange . 
the fan unit is plastic and cheesy looking !  it s certainly not a quality fan . 
i haven t had any problems with the lid like other postings described . 
for this to fit in the window ,  i would need to get the additional spacer available for the fan . 
i wear it almost > num_num hrs every day between music and calls . 
i actually gave it away after two uses to my friend . 
if they are wearing such large jackets and the name is camp fire ,  then i m guessing it s really cold . 
i like having it as an option for wireless sound . 
but in lattes ,  there s only a small bit of froth and it s not nearly as important . 
if you have read all the way to my review ,  just stop here and buy this breadmaker . 
that s why i give it four rather than five stars . 
as all oxo good grips ,  it has a tactile feel and great fit in the hand . 
i am now getting num_extend num_extend dbm hspa+  reception with no variation in signal . 
it is not as water proof as they claim . 
those things might not warrant the deduction of a full star ,  but amazon doesn t do half stars . 
this num_extend player only lasted two weeks in my possession . 
i had to make my own cut outs to make it work . 
that one is just perfect for me !  unfortunately ,  i had to return this item . 
i had a very % dollars cheap ruler extension same like this but cheap . 
if you like it ,  buy it and enjoy it . 
they are wonderful for use in my daughter s room ,  but i wouldn t display them in the living room . 
obviously n is here but if you just want wireless  g  avoid this one . 
it performs basic phone functions flawlessly and handles moderately complex multimedia without a hiccup . 
this product has gone down hill and will never buy again . 
the beeping quickly became overly annoying ,  so i removed the batteries . 
it still works and i ll continue to use it ,  just wish it didn t look rusty on the edges . 
be warned :  this product connects only to the old ipods ,  that have the firewire port . 
the edge of this spatula has melted and i can remove the excess with my thumbnail . 
this thing fits like hammer pants for my torso . 
plus ,  using the scoops keeps my hands clean ,  just kidding . 
i actually returned the first one i got because there was a dent in the bottom . 
well ,  first off the battery was dead out of the package . 
i d only order this when deeply discounted to use as a noodle base for other dishes . 
i like it ,  but really i want exactly look picture in amazon website . 
i just gave up using it and feel like it was money wasted . 
i am afraid it will be a great disappointment as well . 
i would have still tried it on my skin though if i could have gotten past the smell . 
my cakes brown nicely ,  but not too much . 
works great !  have used it daily for about a month . 
this vacuum lasted me only about num_num months . 
then the game leaves you hanging with it s lack of excitement . 
to my relief ,  the sound was due to the separately packaged box of lids and shaker tops . 
much less expensive that replacing the entire toilet brush and holder !  . 
it is well made and i expect it to last a long time . 
separates fat from liquids well ,  but does not pour well at all . 
i primarily feed her taste of the wild dry food which she thrives on . 
some comments i ve read said that the steam containers easily break and you can t order replacement parts . 
lament of innocence has a few moments of platforming throwbacks ,  but they re ruined by the game s unmovable camera . 
the added bonus features of the flashlight and laser pointer may come in handy . 
the ingredients are water ,  then sugar cane ,  and then grape and lemon juice . 
a little oil and it s ready to go . what a cool piece !  . 
prologue :  i am referring to the klipsch quintet iii speakers manufactured from num_num to num_extend
these are very flimsy and the volume control doesn t work well . 
this toy was completely unusable for our dog . 
i just had my first lunch omelet with crumbled bacon and cheese and it was perfect . 
i cut up an old mini usb cable for the wires and secured everything with electrical tape . 
if one chooses to be a fish keeper ,  do it the right way ,  or skip the hobby all together . 
makes it easy to use your phone for entertainment or plug into an external speaker . 
it would be nice if there were a  play  mode that would just play the song . 
it s very pretty but not finished on the back side . 
in this day and age this is pretty old school . 
i love this device and was sad when motorola discontinued it . 
thank you so much for the low price on this movie . 
i have a very hard time using these . 
you have three  windows  on your rifle to see where your bullets are going . 
and the after care wipes were slightly oily and seem to sooth well . 
made of a softer plastic and resistant to scratches . 
i add melted butter and lite salt after popping . 
the phone is very well protected and gets minimal bulk from the case . 
for the num_extend use ,  i couldn t get the  mercury  to go lower than num_extend of the earlier reading . 
i wasn t checking that often ,  and the mouse began to mummify and rot ,  and smelled nasty . 
i went out and bought nhl num_extend was promptly disappointed ,  sold that game and waited for this . 
i work at home and my office has porcelain tile . 
i personally do not want any extra chemicals in my body !  . 
i have used other brands with no problem . 
so there appears to be a defective batch of these leashes in amazon s inventory . 
now run it around the underside of the lid with downward pressure . 
my dog just ate the part of the bone sticking out . 
it must be terrible to be a baby and get all kinds of flavorless food . 
not for an adult as some folks suggest in these posts . 
however ,  the stone does not fit into the oven . 
works great ,  cleans very easily and makes great popcorn . 
now i m thinking about the teaspoon size too . 
the main interest seems to be taking the clay apart ,  not making something with it . 
used it for a few days and haven t had any problems . 
i ve had this backpack for a little over a year now . 
this coffee maker brews coffee and it is in my mug in num_num minutes . 
and i was not recontaminating myself ,  i assure you . 
all of my other batches have been good . 
they are so handy all of the time !  . 
i didn t even know about the silicone part ,  who cares . just can t rave enough over these . 
after trying several mounts ,  it is the best . 
this is the first product i purchased from amazon that did not work as advertised . 
you see ,  reviews are written for people who have not made up their minds . 
i have emailed your inquiry and he will be touching base when gets back in the office . 
only downfall is i keep forgetting the handles can get hot and grab them . 
it doesn t have any temperature degree settings just a few numbers ,  a star  asterisk  ,  and a fan icon . 
this one is very similar and i expect it will be just as durable . 
plus ,  with the brushed stainless interior ,  i can use metal utensils without worrying about damaging the finish . 
i ve used this product before and it worked fine . 
sorry n rage ,  you just didn t do it for me . 
solid mounting ,  and the  jaws  clamp down nicely on the phone holding it solidly . 
i returned it got another disc and that disc was defective too . 
i better stick with the tough indestructable rubber ones for this dog . 
all i to do was research more the best price . 
the shirt looks ok ,  the color and size is nice ,  so is the cut . 
fits nicely on my num_extend num_extend and num_extend pots . 
the rubber button that you press to make it work came out of this hole . 
after reading such rave reviews about this product ,  i figured i would give it a try . 
if you go cheap ,  you can go home . 
to be fair ,  the truck has num_extend and this could just be the natural lifespan of the sensor . 
it works for some but not for others . 
and the size ?  well it too ,  is perfect ,  just right to fit in almost any drawer or cabinet . 
if you can t keep it together then you will be cleaning the inside of the microwave . 
the sound mode button allows you to set an equalizer setting to adjust for voice ,  instrument ,  or music . 
was looking for light weight racks that would store easily and these fit the bill beautifully . 
already received my shipment and it works .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . best food in town now and don t forget the iron . 
so fall small short or waht ever th pc term is this year ,  should be good fit wise . 
i received this product after a long wait . 
love these ,  they give a high fashion look to my bathroom with an expensive shower curtain . 
i mean ,  don t stand on it ,  but they are more substantial than a lot of the wire organizer stuff . 
buy one item that will last forever .  .  . this is not an item that will last forever . 
even at discount ,  this is not a cheap toy . as for the toy . 
that s a manufacturer problem as it was stamped that way both on the bottle and the box . 
i dropped my previous kettle which bent the spout . 
besides myself being a cuisinart snob ,  i will say that i wouldn t use any other product in my kitchen . 
does block the camera lens a little bit . 
the suction cup is on there pretty solidly . 
once i figured it out ,  it was great . 
the phone has a couple of draw backs . 
the pop maker is great and fits in the freezer . 
i ve ordered a total of num_num of these cases . 
this is my second krusell case and it is very different leather than the first one . 
the pen also needs to be completely flat on the iphone screen in order to work at all . 
this makes rolling dough ,  whether it s elastic or crumbly ,  a breeze . 
this puller is made reasonably well and i like the clip for easy attachment to my range pants . 
however ,  it will acquire its own share of scratches . 
that s why i decided to get this trent icarrier . 
this is absolutely the worst shaver i ve had in quite a while . 
i doubted the durability when i got it because i felt it seemed flimsy . 
this antenna is not strong enough to pick up fm stations . 
this just didn t get the job done reliably enough for me . 
my two year old son was very excited when i bought him the desk ,  but he quickly lost interest . 
we have a bar type and quality old fashion single toggle osterizer mixer for num_num years . 
i got one of these as a gift . 
update :  captain katie says you should know it s hard to find the limited edition now . 
the first time ,  all the extra buttons on the keyboard stopped working in under an hour . 
dont want to risk $ to save $
items i have cooked with it felt like i put sand in the recipe . 
my cat is not too enticed about this toy . 
instead ,  i searched for the best ground coffee and was satisfied with the results of my investigation . 
just be warned if your clumsy your going to want better protection for your phone . 
if you are planning to wash this in a sink the version with handles might be safer . 
i picked these up on a gold box special for $
have it on an iphone num_num and it fits well . 
it is heavy and there is rubber on the grip . 
i was looking for a cheaper alternative to clinique and didn t find it here . 
i would give this product a much better review had it been delivered to me in a new condition . 
clean screen and very clean environment means a very clean install . 
it does not protect much but it allow you to keep a thin device . 
my hair came out an ugly brown  my hair was already a medium brown  . 
and don t worry about completing superman num_num in a short period of time ,  either . 
as far as roasting veggies in the pan you won t get a better flavor to the vegetables . 
i ve played this game for about num_num minutes and simply became disgusted . 
power off the printer and power it back on doesn t do anything as well . 
i also like the ability to charge two devices at the same time . 
no white chocolate except a teeny tiny thin layer on the outside . 
i had another pan ,  but i could only use it in my huge oven because it was too big . 
i recommend you to get a couple of deluxe toys instead of this . 
it needs another ingredient such as piperazine or phytosomes to enhance absorption . 
we paid $ for a heavy regular swiffer sweeper . 
the colors in the game are really bad . 
having it s own filter and basket is nice and the filter hasn t stained . 
you pretty much give all the commands by your voice . 
easy to clean and dishwasher safe too ?  wow !  look no further !  !  !  . 
great little zester ,  as i expected from oxo . 
all in all this spice carousel is attractive ,  useful ,  and optional . 
i encountered no gristle or otherwise inedible pieces . the packaging is interesting . 
not only the best rice cooker ever ,  the best mw i have ever had . 
it was not thin enough for my iphone element case ,  but then ,  almost nothing is . 
i should learn to read feedback before purchasing . 
i m hoping it just needs to be broken in . 
was hoping this would take care of a uti . 
i gave the remainder of the case to a friend whose cat loves it . 
we held off on buying a salad spinner for years ,  but are glad we finally got one . 
the stainless steel look is very sleek and great looking for parties . 
i ve only had this bag for num_num days and it already seems to be coming apart . 
the little straps  eyelets  are completely uneven on one shoe and it looks ridiculous . 
the cup rating for these is european cups ,  like a shot of espresso num_extend oz  not american cups num_extend
i ve been using it for a few weeks now and there are no signs of wear or zipper issues . 
the pointer looks to be just next to the fourth mark . 
somehow i missed the detail that this was a  tingle  product . 
i really get use out of this cutter . 
i don t know ,  but from now on ,  i won t . 
i was scared it would add bulk ,  but its perfectly slim and hugs the phone . 
i put a lot of heavy coats on it ,  and it still works well . 
no matter how much i try ,  he hates it and didn t give it a second look . i ll be donating it . 
this is a very heavy board so be prepared if you purchase it . 
maybe it would have worked better applied at night ,  since i couldn t rub it in . 
i messed up and forgot and the pan was really discolored from overheating . 
i will continue to use it ,  but not at full strength . 
the stockpots are wonderful ,  they are the used most of the times . 
very attractive on the table or just on the counter with fruit . 
but really my bacon consumption has increased num_num fold . 
the cups folded over once the bra was on and hooked !  !  !  . 
it does work for that purpose ,  but is not at all reliable . 
sometimes certain triggers would not work even though i spent hours inspecting them . 
num_extend when i contacted the manufacturer ,  i got no reply . 
i like the idea and was bummed it didn t work . 
what is required is a male full size to male mini cable . 
this is very marginal quality that you would expect from the num_extend
also recharges her ipod  shuffle  ,  and her kindle too . 
just received this item and was disappointed with the quality . 
i gave it this star because i don t see how it fits in the machine . 
i got this for my wife as she works out a lot . 
when i applied them to the phone i have they were a little undersized . 
total bummer and dog has no interest after rolling it around for num_num seconds . 
as to noise ,  it is actually quieter then my wind tunnel . 
they however ,  are num_num times more fun ,  and don t require a montly fee . 
the protector still seems to be stuck on well and is not coming up at the edges . 
it is very modern ,  attractive and whisks ,  but not better than any regular whisk . 
yeah ,  a num_num year warranty that they seem to not honor ! well ,  back to the wmf . 
that is all that it has going for it . 
save you money and get the actual toobeez set . 
yet ,  it has never failed to produce a pot of favorable coffee ,  especially when using freshly ground coffee . 
this is the best sifter i have ever owned ,  i am extremely happy with it . 
if you can live with that caveat ,  the zyliss does a better job for less . 
the wire leading in to the earbud either comes loose ,  or dissolves with use . 
quick and easy way to keep your phoen charged but untethered if always on the go . 
and so easy . if you re a baker ,  i d say go for the mini muffin tin . 
this was a needed accessory for my htc evo . 
it does cover up the ridge bumps though . 
it s not bulky ,  it s pretty solid and blends in my car . 
i buy them in lots of num_num given how prone i am to losing earbuds . 
cheap dont buy it !  its like chalk and smells like it to . 
i bought this vornado heater from amazon . com about num_num years ago . 
after slowly inflated the tire to num_num psi ,  i waited num_num hours before checking the tire . 
i would return this but it is stuck to my car door . 
not only is it cute looking but it makes a mean foam on top too . 
i have been searching for a lower cost alternative to ddf s glycolic acid cleanser and i ordered this one . 
now after charging all night ,  i can t even turn them on . 
a friend recommended another brand that i faithfully purchased until it was no longer available . 
have no idea if he has used it or not . 
i couldn t stand to be near my dog ,  and it didn t seem to make his ears any less itchy . 
i could not get into this boring crap . 
i see some of the creative toys being made today and stuff like this just doesn t compare . 
this product met all of those requirements and it cleaned the carpets very well . 
nintendo needs to either take it one step forward or one step back . 
in some ways ,  this phone lacks the pizazz that surrounded the htc evo num_extend
first time i hooked it up nothing would work . 
amazon did refund me the money from the case . 
worked out great ,  got a much better charge for a lot longer than the original battery . 
this bluetooth is excellent except for the auto volume is very loud . 
it s a basic white silicone case for the iphone num_extend
it s carbonated but is all natural and is % juice . 
however ,  they just don t fit my body type right . 
to be fair ,  the audio sound quality is pretty good for the price .  .  . in the right ear . 
the boss theme is especially good , though ,  one of the best i ve heard . 
i think it is a great grinder for the money . 
since droid x is a larger and wider smartphone ,  smaller smartphones will have no problem . 
the quality appears outstanding ,  and it makes a great cup of coffee . 
i went to target ,  and they had similar chargers for $
they look about num_num times better than having a plastic bottle of dawn sitting on the sink . 
i thought i could get into astronomy but i was wrong . 
the other two formed bubbles after a few days of putting it on . 
these really take the chlorine and other chemical tastes out of our city water . 
even though they may sound great ,  these speakers only play num_extend sound unless you have a direct digital connection . 
i really enjoy cooking and nothing makes it more relaxing than a beautifully well balanced quality knife . 
nice to have a case to keep them in . 
did i mention that people comment on how handsome it looks ,  too ?  . 
my little one now just pushes it around the lawn or back yard pretending to cut grass . 
this is a review of this product : driver num_num  playstation video game  . 
he d thought that this device would be more useful that it has proven to be . 
it s a shame this product doesn t hold air . 
i ve tried numerous brands of stevia and this is not worth the price . 
even with the rollers my hair just layed flat and half curled . 
but ,  we never saw ,  because my son still thinks it s lame and does not play with it . 
it does slide on pretty snug ,  so its not loose or easily moving . 
with this adapter ,  i could hear music coming out of both sides of my ear buds . 
customer service at breville is good but not great . 
i have had a few wallet cases for the iphone and prefer the ones with a more slim profile . 
cheap version of the real thing .  .  . but i kind of knew that by previous reviews . 
this garage was very difficult to put together . 
i also plan on using it for sangria . 
i thought i would use it on my tiny yorkie s face and legs ,  but it doesn t work well . 
paring knife logo is smaller and placed differently on the blade . 
the only sources of soluble nitrogen allowed under organic regulations are compost teas and various manures . 
what more can you say ,  its an otterbox case . 
a broader ,  cleaner white background would have improved this item a great deal . 
it s so bad ,  i ve decided to buy samsung galaxy num_extend
we have even used it in the oven  baking  and had great results . 
i loved it and it worked perfectly ,  but only for about a month . 
the next morning ,  however ,  my hair was incredibly flat and full of static . 
it came a lot quicker than i had expected . 
i can only assume it provides some protection . 
and says anycall instead of samsung on the charger block . 
compared to other brands of instant soup cups ,  annie chun s hot and sour soup bowl is pretty darn good . 
the taste reminded me of some sulfur medication i had when i was a child . 
nice set and has everything you need to do your basic canning . 
i worked off my faulkner reviewing the filters for these units . 
the music gets very tedious after awhile; everytime an enemy approaches you get the same annoying music . 
it s welded in and although you can clean it through the  gills  on the lid ,  you cannot replace it . 
i uploaded some customer images ,  since this is difficult to put into words . overall ,  this is what i wanted . 
i threw it away after the first week snce he never touched it again . 
my fiancee took it with her on a num_num day trip to germany . 
i swear a num_num year old must have written this monstrosity . 
not two weeks after i put these on the a string broke close to the ball on the string . 
i did feel the  burning  sensation other people claimed . 
after all not everything comes from mcdonald s ,  kfc or the pizza delivery man . 
i want to kiss the person that made this product . 
we have a gas cook top and it performs better than any other . 
i stopped using it because i want to keep my eye lashes . 
i m going to try it one more time ,  and ,  then ,  consider it a lost cause !  . 
to me it tastes like the awful flavored bigelow green tea series . 
i did beat the current price ,  but at $ they are still worth it . 
i am able to reach my phone with this unlike the other adapter on the window . 
this was purchase as auxiliary cable for my bmw . 
a definite plus in the kitchen to have !  . 
however ,  when it got here ,  it didn t waste any time making me a very unhappy customer . 
i keep it on my counter and use it to grind spices ,  herbs ,  etc . 
mine will stay up indefinitely using this method . 
the crab scissors are wonderful and having these cute butter warmers to keep the butter melted was great . 
if you re a person that likes to be outdoors a lot ,  this is a great case for your phone . 
given that the toy does very little ,  this i believe is a major flaw . 
i have a cat who is urinating next to ,  but not in the litter box . 
it works very well and really easy to install and remove . 
every single one of them gave me the same problem . 
the tips on these things  smoosh  all over the place ,  making precise contacts difficult  for me ,  at least  . 
after all ,  with the difficulty of these puzzles ,  rest assured ,  you ll be looking for one !  . 
we rent out our beach house and a guest dropped it on the tile floor breaking the hinge . 
it all comes apart again easily when it s time to clean . 
touch controls work very well for volume control and making a call . 
obviously if you don t have dogs with long fur this may not be a real issue . 
search amazon and you ll see the cable too . 
buy headphones from koss  sportapro  the ideal headphones for this unitcheers !  . 
and i m willing to bet dynasty warriors num_num is just on the horizon .  .  . with the exact game mechanics . 
sound was coming too low no matter what . 
i purchased a virbac tick collar ,  but haven t tried yet . 
it is very nice to look at as well as being really light weight . 
it s a different story . i had to have a backup charger and this was  it  . 
it s fantastic ,  and i finally got around to ordering one for home use . 
probably could have found something similar somewhere else for cheaper though . 
not built correctly and it squeezes my foot and leaves a bruise . 
the num_num series has plenty of power to spare . 
at first it smelled like mango and it was ok . 
i was afraid of breaking the new ipod . 
of course ,  stoves vary but hopefully that gives you an indication of how low i have it . 
i came across this hook rack on amazon and thought i would give it a try . 
dishwasher safe ,  nice durable plastic ,  even has a grippy lip to hold onto while you re pouring . 
but now apparently a new company has bought nioxin and they have clearly changed the ingredients in the conditioner . 
nice bass ,  good treble and overall very clean room filling sound . 
your child and you will not find these as much fun . 
another couple of millimeters would have really helped . 
i don t profess to know a lot about mercury poisoning ,  but it doesn t really matter . 
this is great for my allergies !  especially in winter when everything is closed up and the furnace is on . 
run water through the unit until no more fibers ,  dirt ,  etc . 
i ve pulled it down over my forehead like the picture and tied it tightly ,  but it still falls off . 
the corner started peeling up and of course couldn t be stuck down again . 
i will update this if needed as time goes on ,  as i have more experience using this item . 
really good quality and was easy to install . 
the protection screen takes away some of the touch screen sensitivity . 
you can t beat the ease and security with which these are installed . 
i ordered it because it is loose flowing so perfect for wide bodies . 
i love this drainer ,  it fits perfectly and holds dishes ,  pots ,  whatever and it looks good too . 
my only real reason for liking that one so much was its awesome volume level . 
as i continue to play pool of radiance ,  my opinion of it has grown steadily worse . 
i m not saying that to bash someone s sexuality in any way ,  but this guy is way over the top . 
easy to clean .  .  . my only gripe is that it s bulkier than my old one . 
so far ,  this gadget is working well for me . 
it seems to help people with knee problems but i had no luck with it . 
the four month life span i got out of these did dissapoint . 
for example ,  this one has an odd lid with a valve contraption . 
i completely understand and accept a free market economy . 
the  open bottle here  logo on this one is cute . 
to be honest i ve just received this spiral slicer and have used it once . 
easy to use ,  serves a good purpose ,  sturdy built ,  works fine . 
solid grinder . have one from about num_num years ago . 
looks cool on a shelf ,  that s about it . 
thought it would be fun to play with . 
i have horrible visions of this top flying off and wasting my cocoa powder all over the place . 
the cover adds protection and not a lot of weight . 
not enough fabric to dig into and cover themselves ,  and the fabrics were to stiff and small . 
moreover ,  it s easy to clean and efficient and easy to use . 
or the digital camera would not stay connected to its software . 
do not buy these with the teal blue fabric you will waste your money . 
my daughter had a very hard time understanding what to do . 
the narrow size is ok but the shoe slides up and down on my heal making them very uncomfortable . 
bought the spray sense collar which works great . 
these stylus are a bit flimsy and the rubber tip doesn t do a good job . 
the chair is going into the trash ,  it is now beyond saving . 
well ,  these colors are just like using crayons  imho  . 
have a bulk pack of extra batteries on hand . 
i bought this product because of the advertised  no clump brush  . 
the environments were mildly nice ,  but felt awfully bland . 
you can t mold it against your skin like you could something pliable like a towel . 
for some reason i can t get the timer to work properly . 
this is absolutely necessary and keeps you from getting burned when working with hot jars . 
found this paring knife on america s test kitchen reviews as their favorite . 
i feel i really need to be in the same room so i ll hear it . 
but i think that could be because i have a screen protector . 
not sure whether it is my windows ,  or my printer . 
would highly recommend this to anyone looking to cook pasta !  . 
the pockets just disintegrated when attempting to form them around a pill . 
this works sometimeshowever ,  most of the time ,  it refuses to charge and even overheats your device . 
and ,  everything i thought i d hate about it i did . 
past thirty days so i can t get any money back . 
it went in the trash on return home . 
i have submerged it halfway in my num_extend pool ,  but i m still kinda scared to sumberge it many times . 
however it s easy setup and ease of use is to notch . 
then i guess it is an everyday case . 
good quality cookware for the money and dishwasher safe . 
so if your looking for protection do not buy . 
i already bought num_num of these for my htc evo . 
the other tried to eat one ,  spat out what he had eaten and refused to eat more . 
sigh guess i shouldn t worry about it now that you can get insurance on the phone !  . 
it was time for a new paring knife . 
i love their music and the porn stars they used in this game ,  but this was just horrible . 
be buying a couple small bowls as well . 
i had a white iphone so the scratches were less on the back . 
my vet told me it only works % of the time . 
a couple of days ago i ran a conference call from my cell phone ,  from the car . 
it looks very expensive and it was actually very cheap . 
we may keep it and use it as some kind of piggy bank . 
the cardock screen has six windows for apps . 
then you have to cool this mixture in a bowlwith icewater bath . 
after ordering this bag ,  i remembered why i sold the first one . 
and because martini doesn t taste like a martini if it is not served in a martini glass . 
but there are way too many parts to assemble . 
i have num_num of these and just purchased another one . 
kirkland  costco  has substitutes most of the chocolates with cheaper chocolates . 
in the woods all day ,  fishing ,  out in the field working . 
then i finally decided enough is enough and bought a new mr . 
i purchased quality led bulbs cheaper that will last as long as i own my car . 
people throw them away because the flint is depleted . 
i have standard size bands and this tool is just too small . 
fits the towels snug ,  so you don t take to many towels when you pull them . 
i create art with polymer clay ,  and this garlic press is perfect for making hair ,  flower centers ,  thistles ,  etc . 
it came so fast !  i got this item the next day ,  and uses stander shipping . 
the sound quality was good but it picked up way to much room noise . 
and it s attractive enough to serve from at the table . a good componant of a basic set of cookware . 
however ,  i was disappointed at how it turned out . 
haven t tried any of the attachments ,  that will be soon . 
the noise canceling mics num_extend in each  are positively amazing . 
was very disappointed and it was a waste of money . 
the black got scratched just below the cover easily and looked bad . 
during the hot humid weather that we have been having the latter is very important . 
i use them almost everyday and they are still going strong . 
i love anastasia products ,  but this pencil did not glide on so easily . 
these are a good match for audioengine num_extend speakers . 
hot air is all upsides and no downsides  unless the noise bothers you  . 
i also don t like that there are only num_num shapes when you can get sorters with a lot more . 
their products are much better suited for my needs . 
you have a external power supply to hook up to it then you need a speaker wire . 
this book has been real helpful to my daughter . 
this holster is designed for a num_num with a very narrow trigger guard . 
did no realize that this game was so old or i would not have purchased it . 
my other pan is num_extend and i found that for certain recipes ,  i needed something larger . 
the hinges popped off when i opened it . 
i have used it for several months and have found it to work flawlessly . 
it has little balls inside the mask that makes it very uncomfortable . 
in addition ,  muscular legs will just not fit into these pants comfortably . 
this game should be in the platinum hits sections . 
it is very easy to use and clean . 
i could easily bake a much better cake at half the cost and twice the quality . 
it is a soft silicone slip on case  not tpu  . 
so i ordered myself some but it takes forever ro receive it !  so im giving only num_num stars !  . 
replacing all the cheap containers i ve had in the past . 
but i do wish that parts made of polycarbonate were better packed . 
i use it everyday and i also use it for developing android apps . 
this product is made for dogs with flat broad chests . 
imagine having to toilet and breathe in such a filthy environment day after day after day . 
when you ,  push something on the touchscreen it might take num_num seconds for the phone to respond . 
anyway next review will be the real streets of rage num_num bare knuckle iii . 
even though it looks just like the original ,  it charges super slowly . 
this blender can wake up sleeping kids on the other side of the house very easily . 
this bowl has been with me through pastries ,  salads ,  guacamole ,  and mashed potatoes ,  and everything between . 
the sound quality out of these is terrible . 
no similar problem with my husband s iphone num_extend
the one you have to add the powder ,  milk ,  salt ,  vanilla extract and sugar . 
i bought it for him early last year in june and it s still going strong . 
this keeps my battery from losing power plus charges it along the way . 
when it arrived ,  i opened it up ,  got the manual and sat down and read it . 
does my pepper corns and my coffee beans just right . 
i have been cramping and miserable for about num_num hours now . 
i did not use this timer very often after purchase . 
certainly ,  the solution attracts fruit flies ,  but not all that well . 
i went looking for some winter boots that were not only functional but attractive . 
try to be creative you don t need to follow the traditional standard . 
as for the chocolate flavor ,  it is a bit artificial for me . 
i got it just as an add on to my order to get free shipping . 
i had a problem with the item ,  contacted schwinn numerous times ,  and was absolutely ignored . 
having dropped and shattered a glass french press before ,  i thought i d give it a try . 
i see no flaws on how effective this device is . 
you need the additional tray on top however  kitchenaid ft food tray attachment for stand mixers   . 
 : dthis little bundt pan delivers !  it pops out beautiful cakes in amazing detail . 
just doing it one time gives u a blister . 
this battery fit perfect ,  charged quickly and has tripled my phones up time . 
she told me to tryworld s best cat litter ,  multiple cat clumping formula ,  num_num lbs . 
it takes sharp photos with great color under all conditions . 
kellogs you missed the boat with this one . 
i think i paid num_num dollars for it . 
i bought this for my niece she loves hello kitty . 
one size fits all was not meant for me . 
they last a long time even though i am not very gentle with my phone . 
this is a huge bag of the repellent . 
the num_extend lbs weight makes flattening chicken breasts very quick . 
i took it off and applied a second protector . 
just give us ournabisco honey maid graham crackers num_num pack value boxplease . 
they re not perfect ,  but it works ,  and the dogs like it . 
they work great and i purchased num_num pairs . 
regrettably netgear did not get the job done . 
after which ,  the headset will tell you how strong of a charge the headset has . 
the entire system is rather well done ,  but is still afflicted by many bugs . 
first ,  the sound quality is just not very high . 
third ,  even the hardest setting puzzle was ridiculously easy . 
it was heartbreaking and i can t figure out why he had such a negative reaction to the asian fusion . 
but not after spending twenty minutes cleaning pot and area and starting over . 
this camera just never gets the picture you want . 
the charge light got green and thecable was a success . 
it worked great ,  and i got up to a good pressure without much effort . 
i will use remaining but probably will not purchase again . 
the bags would also be much better if you could tie it close like several other brands . 
this is a huge pain when you are behind the wheel and driving somewhere you are unfamiliar with . 
i only ordered one pkg so i could try them out on my dog . 
it isn t the same over and over again ,  actually the backtracking screws that up . 
dehydration directions say that you need guar gum . 
i can t see any improvement and i got seek ,  with nausea . 
bought this num_num months back for my htc inspire num_extend
tree nut warningsurprised this has not been addressed but there is a tree nut warning on the bag . 
this may be the last set of dry measuring cups i will buy . 
this item is exactly what i needed for me krups num_extend all in one machine . 
so it s possible the product has worked for many  besides mr . 
much safer and gives you more surface area to carry items with as well . 
nice quality and will last a lifetime if you take care of it . 
this is my first capresso product ,  and i am really impressed . 
my only complaint about its functionality is that it s pretty rattly . 
alternatively ,  a new canister will be $ including shipping from them . forget it . 
its a rich ,  full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy . 
this product is a very good screen protector and it fits properly . 
you may never need to sharpen them but you will never have a truly sharp edge . 
i know ,  that soybean oil isn t the healthiest stuff in the world . 
beside advent children ,  this thing doesn t have much of anything . 
the cat knocked my cuisineart coffee pot off the counter and broke it . 
nice that it comes with a car power adapter . 
it was a bit sticky ,  but didn t add definition or separate curls or any of that nonsense . 
it s tomato season and they need to be sharp for that !  . 
sides are high for big fingers but very protective . 
i turned out to be one of the latter people . 
just a cheap cd envelope and brochure type key card . 
didn t have anything to lose so i bought it ,  and it has really surprised me . 
there is no way to cancel out background noise lest your own voice be considered to be background noise . 
there s also another led that indicates that the unit is on at the bottom . 
great ,  it is light but my phone is fully protected . 
i bought this for my mother and she loves it . 
i touch the button when i get in my car and it works right every time . 
wonderful value . consthe water fill slot is a little small and takes a steady hand . 
anything over this price is simply a waste of money . 
together ,  we can make these safer for our dogs . i think i have come up with a temporary solution . 
at first ,  i thought that i was imagining it ,  and that all chargers work at the same pace . 
volume sucks ,  its either too loud or too low . 
i wanted something lighter that food would not stick to ,  but not teflon coating . 
haven t made crepes in it ,  but plan to . 
have had this about a month replacing a num_extend old num_extend
the charactors all run ,  shoot ,  dribble ,  and move the same . 
it bends and flexes easily and cracks with minimal effort . 
ordered the size that works for me in all other styles and brands . 
i even bought a different phone to try it on . 
also lay out a few paper towels on the counter top underneath it while in use as well . 
it is my most prized piece of cookware . 
that is cold ! what s happened to american made stanley ?  . 
i love to make casseroles in this and that is why i originally purchased it . 
the fabric is soft at least ,  and it is easy care . 
the wooden letters are covered on one side with a thin piece of colored paper instead of being painted . 
i poured the water for a couple of hours to clean . 
the moment you uncork a wine ,  the wine begins to change because of its contact with air . 
make sure your childs clothes are not covered or they will get stained . 
after one week the left channel started making strange noises . 
its really nice and good as far as doing what i expect which is to filter the water . 
sorry supes .  .  . but this game was a let down . 
it did the job !  now my phone look cool !  would recommend it . 
you get what you pay for i guess . 
 reviewed elsewhere i m writing this as i m not sure what to do next . 
that means i save money on a second and possibly third grinder . 
i cannot find anything on the jar to indicate an expiration date . 
now its just a clear case with a few water spots . 
your oiled side should be pointing down so excess can drip off and not spoil your finish . 
it s a good way to use up these tablets . i no longer take these tablets on their own . 
lastly ,  the price is right ! i will never buy  regular  shower curtian rings again !  . 
even holds my large bags of dog food closed . 
that and after some time the case becomes loose . 
the nordic ware lifter is heavy ,  but not uncomforatbly so . 
replace the sheath and this makes a cheap hunting knife . 
at this price ,  why not ?  keep one at each desk ,  or car ,  etc . 
so it is also hard to perceive depth . 
since the popper is reasonably priced ,  i m going to buy another popper and try it again . 
reviewers note :  throughout this review the product is referred to as dragon quest vii and not dragon warrior vii . 
it actually looked like i got struck by a huge lightning bolt . 
the charge is as fast as i have seen and the price is cheap so i ordered a replacement . 
it is now the end of december and i still have no espresso machine . 
so after a num_extend download ,  i connected my leapfrog explorer and it unsuccessfully tried to download yet another update . 
i like these bags because i can see what s in them . 
they put a nice dent in the movie making this . 
maxell quality is usually pretty good ,  but they missed the bar with these . 
this product gets super hot ,  but the plates are not very good for my type of hair . 
so yummy !  !  be sure and oil it up really well after use . 
not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty . 
the yellowish camo on the case makes the case looked like used . 
they should have stayed where they were and bumped up the price some . 
i was having a problem with a groundhog that was loving some of my cabbage plants to death  literally  . 
i canceled the amazon order when i thought they had the wrong color . 
sometimes ,  cheese does get stuck up inside ,  but we just use a kitchen brush to solve that problem . 
it also keeps the roll in check  vs . 
the cover stays put with just enough snuggness . 
if you know anything about the otterbox cases ,  is that they are generally ugly . 
ok first you need a pan that is flat or it will not work and do not over fill . 
cats showed no interest . da bird is the best cat toy available . 
the games range from something a num_num year old could do ,  to something your grandmother might play . 
i remember shelling out the money to buy this product ,  like the ignorant fool i was . 
it is perfectly accurate every time i use it . 
however ,  since this baby came into our lives ,  we ve been slicing up cheese like there s no tomorrow . 
this didn t help me sleep better or with anythign else that i can tell . 
i went through an num_num ounce bottle of walnut oil just prepping it for its first use . 
i bought this because just about all the reviews said it was good . 
my battery life is now far better than when i first reviewed . 
this mount leaves everything close enough and never falls out . 
highly recommended for any one who is on the go and needs a portable system to take with them . 
doesn t mix well at all . lastly ,  all this  orac  hype ,  yet i noticed absolutely zero benefits of taking it . 
very nice people to deal with and extremely knowledgeable about products . 
i suggest visiting macworld to read their reviews of other wireless mice to consider one of those instead . 
probably one of the most useful pans ,  you ll find many other uses for it . 
but i can t use mine often because like i said its too loud . 
my lashes looked the same after using as they did after using . 
i felt led by the nose in this linear drama . 
they are reliable and consistent with a rapid response time . 
i chose the sony set because it seemed the least expensive headphone set . 
most people type with their thumbs while holding the phone so for them it wouldn t be an issue . 
my num_num year daughter was so excited until she did about num_num of the experiments . 
i love popcorners with sea salt ,  but do not like the kettle flavor . 
the shell holder itself is of good quality for about $ but i have no use for it . 
purchased this charger to replace the orgianal charger for my htc evo num_extend
comfortable to wear ,  works with all my phones . 
this blow dryer vibrates terribly in your hand while using and that makes it very uncomfortable . 
my mother still has the original barbie one i played with as a child . 
i wish i had researched more and got something better instead . 
after reading all of the reviews it seemed like this is the product i was looking for . 
it s still fantastic for making egg sandwiches because of the yolk getting a little done . 
these were the best value . after a year of using and washing ,  these get rusty . 
my bras don t fit on it at all and i m only a num_extend
i made one batch for five mins .  ,  one for three mins . 
i loved the series from num_extend to its fourth game on the num_extend and playstation . 
the fit and finish is perfect and the price is the best part . 
holds paper towel roll tight ,  doesn t fall off the holder . 
i would recommend this product however and the price is certainly right . 
i tried adjusting them several times ,  but they were not comfortable . 
the recipe is easy to use and tastes better than any english muffin that i ve eaten . 
you don t really learn anything about the character you control . 
l oreal makes many hair color brands ,  the superior preference brand is just terrible to apply . 
it kept me up all night long !  had to get up early for work num_extend a . m . 
this is an excellent scraper at a great price . 
in the past num_num years ,  many of them have been starting to break on me . 
we recieved the item fast and it is a good quality product . 
use plenty of glue and wipe off excess ! should hold up much better that way ;} . 
i didn t mark it down cause i knew the shape when i bought it . 
will definitely get one more once mine begins to show wear and tear . 
a couple of washes and they would be done . 
freezer is more organized . made of a very durable material . 
all of my plants are being eaten by these invaders so i gave this product a try . 
these are exactly the same as the set we d had for years so they matched our existing set perfectly . 
i ordered one initially for myself ,  but i sold it to my coworker . 
any dry apply screen protector is really hard to get on without lint getting under it . 
we use it for large areas in our southern california  very dry a lot of the time  home . 
all the parts have a place and make them easy to locate . 
the motorola num_extend is a very good unit . 
just what is the problem with remote reliability ?  . 
there wasn t anything i couldn t pick up with it ,  including dog kibble and parrot pellets . 
i have been there and done that and am finally healed from the worst of the worst of candida . 
usually ,  there s enough friction to prevent it from just sliding out . 
i used to love the old zico when it went straight from the coconut into the container . 
they sent me a replacement set to try since i didn t like my first one and this one performs . 
i have a few of these cables in various bags . 
but i was concerned that if i bought a stand ,  i would be too lazy to use it . 
i returned immediately and wouldn t recommend it to anyone . 
i even thought i broke something at one point but ,  i num_extend remote . 
but you take a boat in the air that you don t love . 
so i wanted to use this w my acoustic bass and violin . 
great product bugeyedigital ,  i ll be ordering more soon . 
anyway ,  it s still a five star gadget in my opinion !  . 
also the microphone didn t work and neither did the other button . 
psst made a small improvement ,  but no where near what i was used to with tresemme s dry shampoo line . 
i have now had this pepper mill for num_num years and it has never failed me once . 
it is solid and holds firmly to the wall with the provided screws . 
they also can t do lighter genres like jazz and classical due to their poor positoning . 
so i was hoping this would work with my mac ,  and it has a very bare bones functionality . 
usually distracts me from mulling too long over such possible imperfections  if that is what they are  . 
the only negative is that it cannot be lifted by the lid once the pudding mixture is in it . 
i m not even sure where it is anymore . 
well ,  the years have taken their toll on the plastic cup . 
do the math ,  and you will find that the num_num pack is less per battery than the num_num pack . 
i got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear . 
but didn t work good . waste of money in purchasing this . 
the breeze pads  which are expensive even when you buy them in bulk  are supposed to be  odor free  . 
love the grill marks and the fact that s food doesn t stick . 
in any case ,  i would not hesitate to buy another if needed . 
well ,  not on my pot !  !  !  i couldn t find them inside; i couldn t find them outside . 
honestly ,  i m not sure how much these work for the pain of arthritis . 
i use them every week and run them through my dishwasher . 
you must use your ingenuity and several different programs to load and maintain your data and music . 
the igo chargers and tips are really great . 
this zester gives nice ,  thin slices of orange peel . 
so i must urge the reader :  do not purchase this product . 
the smallest board may be hard to find a use for . 
i tried num_extend num_extend e ,  num_extend d ,  num_extend e . 
i use this all the time !  only improvement would be to reverse the locking mechanism . 
it s very simple ,  very inexpensive ,  and goes perfectly with the num_num inch fibrox . 
now ,  it does come with a second battery which is helpfull but they do not last all that long . 
it makes fantastic popcorn and i don t have to use any oil at all . 
there is some weird taste that i just can t get past . 
i had it for years without any problems whatsoever . 
well help making sausage but not great for catching juices . 
so many wonderful recipes included and available online . 
i will be honest ,  this is the most useless product i have ever purchased for my cat . 
the first time we used it we got a couple tablespoons of cotton candy . 
well yet again is another game sold that would not save due to corruption issues . 
fit well and continued to keep it print on the products . 
i like this version of a meat pounder . 
you battle time on top of the many tasks that lay before you . 
i have owned it now for about two months and the loaves i have made have been perfect .  . foolproof really . 
let me know if i am wrong ,  and i will remove this review . 
you will get a super thinner cuts with this knife . 
if forced to say something nice ,  i d note there were no side effects either . 
the magnet is a good feature as i keep it on the fridge . 
the power is great when using the attachments . cons . 
the bag will still be useful ,  i suppose ,  and it s not very expensive . 
for instance .  .  .  . mafia ii is a lot better game . 
it might be cheap ,  but trust me ,  it s not worth it . 
it s cradle arms don t just spring out when you press the release buttons ,  they  glide  out slowly . 
now i can use more potent products with out having my skin flake off and burn . 
but ,  considering i didn t even know it was included when i bought the oven ,  it s a freebie . 
my daughter disliked it and frankly so did i . 
not a comfortable wear ,  equivalent to buying from local walmart or thrift store . 
i really wanted this one to work since the reviews were so amazing . 
lesson learned i will be using the case permanently . 
with this mini charger i only need the wire or maybe borrow one from somebody . 
i m not a coffee drinker so i don t know how well it grinds coffee beans . 
glass is durable and i love that i don t have to worry about plastic impregnating my food . 
however ,  my biggest complaint is that the bottom rod has burnt out after just one year of use . 
now i am stuck with num_num num_num packs of soup i can t force myself to eat . 
any longer and you should be checking your pulse . 
the boom for the microphone comes out from one of the earpieces . 
the sunglassess fit too snug on a big head . 
i thought he would have to go over the carpet twice before it came clean . 
the lenses were always fogged and then a permanent cloud settled in the lenses ,  making them almost useless . 
nor have i ever had this issue with any other under eye gel . 
you have to be a contortionist to get the iron at the correct angle and roll it up smoothly . 
this makes the perfect size coffee for me . 
i gave this waffle maker as a shower gift . 
the socks were so narrow i was not able to get it over my hand and arm . 
for now we will glue the broken piece and put it aside for future use . 
not as good as the doc s other products for sure . 
this griddle has a permanent home on my stove and i adore it . 
i have tried both to the bottom of the num_num cup icon ,  and to the top . 
after num_num years of taking vitamins i tried animal pak because of the positive reviews . 
i have been using the bb curve for the last year ,  and this is a huge step up . 
if not removed the bag will later break at higher temperatures . 
these are holding up very well despite repeated dishwasher beatings . 
the same that i wrote for the sewell . 
app development has made a leap since i originally purchased the phone on launch date . 
i thought this item was a cool concept but never bought one . 
i ve had my popper for over a year and it s so easy and fast . 
my daughter bought me the smallest  one serving  version for my birthday . 
made sturdy and it fits my iphone num_num perfectly . 
i recommend this knife set to anyone who is looking for a quality knife set for bar or kitchen . 
love this mixer ,  it is an icon in food appliances . 
i have a dslr for photos . the phone is great; very responsive . 
wish i had listened to other reviewers on this one !  . 
maybe after  x  minutes ,  turn off by itself . 
when i first put this on ,  it looked perfect . 
giving for a gift so it will cushion any  drops  . 
comfortable to grasp and nice enough to leave out on the counter for instant access . 
it has num_extend of total fat with num_extend of saturated fat . the front of the package says ,   deliciously natural nutrition  . 
the glass from the filter put a very small nick on the edge of my $ lens . 
however i paid $ for this same screen protector in the store great price . 
and the phosporescent watch hands fade in about an hour ,  so that doesn t help much . 
it will fill the void since there s less on the market ,  and there s nothing bad about this case . 
sony customer support recommendations are first to clean the cd s and second to unplug the unit and reset it . 
the more you work the frother the creamer it gets . 
this unit worked til the warranty ran out then jammed with my media inside . 
not wanting to risk poisoning my animal i asked to send it back . 
that s why i was very pleasantly surprised at how quiet the unit is . 
durability ,  this item feels like a bullet proof . 
the extra length is very helpful as i sit on my couch or lay on my bed . 
he has atari ,  spongebob ,  blue s clues ,  et al . 
we are very pleased with this saucepan and highly recommend it to all ,  who love to cook . 
i finally gave up trying to store my open bags of sugar in big zip close bags . 
my only hesitation was that several reviews said that some were broken upon receipt . 
she uses her champion a lot and i ve noticed very annoying sounds while she juices her veges . 
marshmallows ,  milk chocolate and some of the unhealthiest oils and saturated fats are the primary ingredients of these cookies . 
now i like hello kitty ,  but i do not like this case . 
i have bought this and use it with my samsung galaxy num_extend skyrocket . 
it recognized it immediately ,  but it didn t launch anything . 
however ,  it seems to be much more expensive now ,  especially with the shipping cost . 
buy the looks of the launch titles they all seem to be ports from the num_extend
when i originally used this it just slid along the concrete and the wheel didn t roll on to it . 
now im looking to buy the mhl adapter . 
this shoe is sized much smaller for a given size than the fila counterpart . 
opening the slipper box i pulled out the slippers and saw that the bottoms were dirty . 
it s a hack that gives you unlimited health ,  but that takes alot of fun out . 
i never removed it from its case ,  it just eventually started cracking under normal use . 
even with freshly ground beans ,  the coffee was not good . 
these batteries only last for about an hr after putting one in . 
but they are not pleasant to listen to . 
so much for simple . not sure why it is so particular . 
similarly ,  the online maintenance schedule hadn t been updated to include this model  the ultra  . 
it does not come with very many hooks ,  so you may want to buy more . 
she loves sitting in it ,  but just as long as she s not strapped in to it . 
if you just want a toy ,  you will find this to be barely adequate . 
it s easy to clean and fits well in a refrigerator shelf . 
they come with absolutely no instructions or what they are called . 
i generally buy garden of eatin  all the time num_extend cases a month  ,  but no more . 
it is  gel  so it does allow nails to be protected . 
they are unique in that they can actually survive being dropped without breaking . 
the bottom and sides feel like rubber ,  which means it s grippy compared to plastic . 
good quality bumper ,  i purchased for a friend . 
several different cleaning attachments come with it and they too are all very well made . 
the fit of the boot was ok ,  but the top of the neck was too tight . 
this machine is easy to use ,  and heats right up . 
i had read some of the reviews on this electric skillet . 
i bought that for my grandson ,  and he still plays with it at almost num_num years old . 
but i could detect a very very faint whiff of menthol with that many patches on me . 
horrible quality  i m only num_num feet away  plus the static is tremendous . 
which leads me to the other reason i bought the set . 
i purchased this same battery in white ,  and it works great . 
the odor control isn t so good with feline pine ,  however ,  much like pine mixed with well ,  feces . 
it s a matter of ,  build enough items and the casino will fill up . 
however ,  this lavender scent is not as clean . 
other than that ,  i can t really recommend a num_extend bb device anymore . 
the color is pretty close to photo and it fits well . 
in my mind that is  mild  language ,  however ,  that is not the extent of the severity of the language . 
also ,  if you want to store in fridge for a few days it is perfect . 
the first time i used it was on a num_extend lodge fry pan . 
for me this did not go on smoothly . 
i dump hashbrown  puck  directly out of the ricer and cook it right up . 
they say this accessory is not supported everytime i plug it in . 
the first time i used it ,  i was surprised at how much dirt it picked up . 
they store completely flat in a drawer rather than stacks of cutting boards taking up space . 
i like how its soft on the inside . 
and was much more painful than i anticipated since i heard it was supposed to be gentle !  . 
these stands a very basic in design but they work well and they look pretty nice too . 
it got an extra star for being blue . 
the manual contains no instructions about unpacking the machine . 
just because an aftermarket battery says nfc doesn t mean it really is . 
these buds are very comfortable and fit deep in the ear . they muffle out back ground noise very well . 
a bolt connection would have been a better connection ,  more of a theft deterrent ,  and likely smaller . 
i personally received money back from the company for the airborne i had purchased due to the false advertising . 
i absolutely love this product ,  unfortunately they don t sell it in stores anymore . 
this rat trap is designed pretty much like any standard mouse trap . 
and i always cook boxed casseroles lower than the directions say because of over flow . 
on its own ,  this does not work at all . 
this one is perfect and makes great coffee . 
i don t know if mine are defective or if it is just the quality of the binocs . 
only negative is that the noise is a bit loud . 
my dogs would not stop eating grass after every bowl . 
overall a good value ,  and handy for small jobs ,  . 
if you leave any coffee in the machine you will wake to a mess all over the counter . 
our son was given this last year for christmas . 
this one is cheap as well and constantly comes apart . 
it holds enough tea for a very large cup . 
still freezes up every once in awhile but really good phone . 
this case fit my motorola num_num global like a glove . 
there is nothing like percolated coffee ,  it is absolutely the best and presto has fabulous customer service . 
primarily this iphone case is to stop your phone getting scratches . 
this stainless steel sugar bowl is a high quality dish with lid and spoon that has a slot . 
in this regard it was a great purchase . 
i have been playing mario num_num ds for a few weeks now . 
i am a huge fan of the nancy drew games . 
from that perspective it does deserve num_num stars because i hate this thing . 
random times ,  the aiming just would not work . 
i found this bottle and that was it !  the opening is big enough for easy cleaning and refilling . 
i purchased these gaskets to fit my vintage triomphe jars . 
i feel confident these bodum and bonjour double wall designs will break eventually due to this stress . 
grime ,  grease and dirt will effect the long term suction power of the unit . 
i bought a second set because i was using the first set so much they were always dirty !  . 
i even use it to make scrambled eggs for two . 
the picture quality is so low that only about % of the photos are worth keeping . 
i figured i d try an fm modulator since they re relatively cheap and easy to use . 
this thing is great !  does eggs just the right size for english muffins for breakfast sandwiches . 
well personally i havent got a new nascar game since num_extend
it s a large size ,  but perfect for most of my mixing needs . 
i believe the designers at belkin had me in mind when they created this product . 
it s a monster and it s not even their biggest pan . 
i do not hold them to blame as many customers have had no issues whatsoever . 
but i just could not grow to like it . 
it is a shame amazon has discontinued this item . 
no hanging ,  moving parts to break ,  and it s extremely quick and easy and secure . 
seems a bit pathetic but that modest delay can crush the spirit ,  a veritable purgatory . 
i have a top of the line gaming cpu btw .  .  . i wish i could rate it lower than one star . 
unfortunately i am just  a fool and her money  with a very spoiled dog !  . 
these are great !  they are pretty durable and i havent had any problems with them . 
i love to cook ,  i entertain frequently ,  and i collect cookbooks . 
it s great when you have to pick up a call . 
this one is probably the worst that i ve tried . 
you can only win this game is you are lucky . 
bought new dehydrators capable of drying num_num racks at a time so i bought this pair to expand production . 
low volume background noise very frequently ,  but the most dismaying problem was an occasional very high volume screeching sound . 
it s solid ,  well made ,  and doesn t bend or rust . 
i didn t see that stevia is an ingredient . 
she said it worked fine on her underarm ,  but not well at all on her legs . 
i got this one and it is the best . 
i ve enjoyed every game i ve played for it . 
on high ,  it is almost as loud as a vacuum cleaner . 
very easy to use and very easy to clean . 
will be looking for a new pooper scooper . 
as sharp as the lens is going to get anyway for the kit lens . 
with two lighter style ports and two usb ports you can t go wrong with this charger . 
if i test this one that way ,  i ll let you know how it fares . 
just be careful not to bend the usb connector . 
its charge lasts a few hours and does not require the cell to play more . 
i hate to sound too nasty but this thing was just horrible !  i just sent it back . 
the speakerphone could be louder ,  but i rarely use that feature . 
not as aesthetically pleasing as the more dainty cables . 
the num_num is nice but the num_num is fine for most applications . 
i use my kitchen a lot and it just gets cluttered . 
this unit did not work well with my phone . 
this butterfly closure is to thick and not plyable . 
the sides are thin . i would like to have a stockpot that s a little heavier and has thicker sides . 
i bought this scoop because i could not make uniform cookies ,  now i can . 
wife saw no improvement in her knees after num_num weeks . 
i have had the racks full of cookies  ,  and stacked num_num high . 
it smells good and acts like a conditionner . 
the last you will probably ever need to buy . 
those most susceptible are children and the elderly .   . 
quality matches the price but they look nice . 
i have several other everyday pans and each has taken a back seat to this one . 
our son needed pans for college ,  and i bought a couple of these in different sizes . 
i am impressed by the brightness of the lens . 
i wanted something to enable me to easily charge all three in my car . 
i get all of my phone accessories on line . 
it s too short for my window ,  but still rest just fine in the frame . 
it stays on ok ,  but it just makes me look like my lips don t exist . 
in any case ,  i hope this helps . finally ,  based on my return experience ,  i can certainly recommend amazon for electronics . 
buy this one it is excellent and i love it . 
which sucks ,  because the default ringtones num_extend pictures folder . 
o . k .  ,  i m going to offer a counterpoint to all the positive reviews . 
also ,  my hair looked limp and i didn t notice any shine . 
at least it was cheap and i m not out much . 
low profile ,  perfect fit ,  solid construction ,  feels great in the hand . 
kitchenaid gave me a discounted price on the new one ,  which after shipping came to $ less than amazon . 
i freeze the juice for all year s use . 
i liked the idea of this but when i received it ,  it was not functioning . 
why is this !  it s not like we re going to run out of room . 
others might have a different reaction ,  but this product is one i can do without . 
i used this for my razr maxx hd and it worked as advertised . 
i wonder if it might actually be the  oat kernel flour  that does this ?  colloidal oatmeal is a powder . 
beautiful french press ,  the seal is very secure and solid and i never get any grounds in my coffee . 
i did not experience the leaking problems experienced by numerous other people . 
i could not believe how ugly these crocs were when i opened the box . 
sometimes i come back to the room and the roomba didn t find the base . 
the range is so short and narrow ,  it will nit detect most of the time at all . 
if in the middle of conversation when this happened ,  i had to become a one handed driver . 
the jacket fit ok in the sleeve length and the overall length of the jacket . 
the game informer review said everything about this game . 
it had clumps in it ,  almost like yogurt . 
my feet actually hurt worse with the superfeet inserts and i gave them a good week to break in . 
then we tried it again a little later and no go . 
the corn will be hot ,  and perfectly cooked . 
it would be really useful if these headphones were collapsible . 
however ,  that will no longer be a problem as the heating element died today . 
i never want to be without these knives . 
it s probably the same size of a beach ball that you would purchase at your local dollar store . 
i expect at this price to get at least a month . 
set is a nice weight and looks great for the price . 
used it once and bent the damn thing . 
if it weren t for the fact that it really is a good idea that looks very neat . 
i ve owned percolators ,  dripolators ,  electric drippers ,  really everything but one of those vacuum units . 
i will look for another form of magnesium that can be absorbed more efficiently next time ,  and in capsules . 
tmo does not play with large pics for some reason . 
simply the best screen protectors for the price . 
they sort of make you feel like you re watching an anime film . 
when it suddenly stopped working altogether one day i returned it to get a replacement . 
i hadn t realized how strongly tinted green this was . 
i like this cell phone its great but i ant to get myas i have not used it yet . 
i accidently broke my daughter s pyrex measuring cup ,  so needed a replacement . 
it also periodically shoots little bits of it out the top and toward whatever happens to be in front . 
about one third of my playing time was devoted to this stupidity . 
i guess i will go back to my brush . 
wow ,  was i looking forward to this after the great reviews . 
the shampoo contains paraben ,  which is carcinogenic ,  and sls ,  which is a skin irritant and a probable carcinogen . 
i bought it thinking i was going to love it . 
the tagstand app is the best whether you use these or not . 
they are not worth it for any price . 
we had num_num and very happy with them . 
it s a breeze to operate and easy to clean . 
i don t know if that helps justify a purchase but it seems unusual for a cell to have . included num_extend
it s bad enough when the other player has a hard time interacting with the game world . 
i started playing ,  but soon quit as the visuals were rather primitive . 
we have had this attachment for about three months now and have used it many times . 
and no ,  i dont have to scream to it ,  for people to hear me . 
well ,  one of them did not work at all . 
i asked if they will automatically credit them back once the replacement arrives . 
i was very happy to see that the set came just as described with no damages . 
there is nothing perfect about this game ,  so that right there is false advertising . 
i was able to tune chicago stations with ease . 
the problem is that when you take it out of its case ,  your phone is completely unprotected . 
this num_num piece set of measuring cups comes in handy in the kitchen . 
this should have posted the gauge for the wire which would help decide if it will work for you . 
but it won t if the plastic is cheap and the workmanship sleazy . 
really a good quality pan that cleans up easily after a moments soak in hot sudsy water . 
who am i supposed to blame ,  opteka ,  num_extend st photo ,  or amazon . com ?  . 
the longest it ever held connection was a full num_num hours which i thought was sheer magic . 
we liked ours so much that we purchased one for my grandmother for christmas ,  and she loves it . 
i am happy with the purchase and i would definitely recommend it for quality and attractiveness and washability . 
the plantronics savor num_extend bluetooth headset is an excellent little device to take with you on any drive . 
pathetic . to add insult to injury ,  they re fastened by not one ,  but two rings  wow !   . 
besides that it dies seem to be sturdy and well made . 
and you have to reapply from time to time to make sure the color is consistent . 
it was a great port from the consoles ,  with enough changes to make it fun on the pc . 
this heater is very quiet and definitely a little workhorse . 
nonetheless ,  i still rely on a good eye cream to make it through the day . 
it may look festive ,  but the baby blue polka flex gel case could have been so much better . 
i thought this product might be helpful in reducing the number of times she needed to use her inhaler . 
it s great to add extra battery life to your iphone without adding significant bulk . 
that takes up a lot of time and even more battery . 
this is not really a serious gaming experience ,  its more of an exercise in futility . 
i totally recommend this as a phone and gaming headset  for voice of course  . 
i love pink appliances and they are very hard to find . 
i ve used it for long runs ,  num_num mi ,  etc . 
the gasket does a fine job of holding the water in ,  just by the way . 
the plates are not quite smooth enough for my very curly hair . 
excellent products ,  i don t hesitate to recommend this . 
i read another review where the writer complained about the lack of labeling . 
but now you need to trim this piece into smaller pieces . 
i took these over a period of a couple weeks . 
i would buy these again in a heartbeat . 
you ll need to oil or lubricate your firearm after using this but it does dry quickly and cleans well . 
all in all ,  a very good saucepan for me . 
i am fairly small and i was easily able to put it together even though it towers over me . 
the only problem i had was the ones i ordered were missing the carry case . 
there s the loud sub that does tend towards boomy and there s the tinny sats . 
it s a delightful little machine ,  designed to please just one person at a time . 
i am surprised that some people think this sounds good . 
cast iron can be your best friend if you treat it properly . 
i am not a coffee drinker ,  i just clean the pot . 
amazon ,  as usual ,  made the ordeal as smooth as possible . 
i read many of the reviews about how to make great popcorn and adjustments in the arm . 
i personally like these games very much so i expected rayman num_num to be a great platformer game . 
coffee coffeemaker since the yankee clipper was their exclusive pitchman . 
i have used several competitors and i like them all better . 
the added ability to answer calls makes them that much more useful . 
so if you re a fan ,  you can follow along . 
if you use the phone frequently or take frequent calls ,  expect to have to charge it daily . 
i mostly make smoothies and similar textured things and this blender can t keep a blendable mass moving . 
to let everyone know if it holds up . if it continue to keep cards or separates . 
the bowl has markings for all kinds of rice so you never have to guess on the measures . 
i don t have a cord laying around that i have to try to tuck in my dash . 
i thought about buying smaller wmf pizza cutter in order to save $
you can turn it all you like and thegrind remains unchanged . second ,  one of mine died . 
i finally graduated from the small hand held ones to this beauty . 
what amazon is presently selling isn t what you re getting . 
it is this huge cooker ,  not for your everyday meal . 
imagine kneading bread dough to perfection ,  in as little as num_num seconds !  its how i make french bread . 
the picture cards are double sided and it comes with a decent number of cards . 
need the maximum strength to remove gell nails easily . 
i installed the covers ,  opened and brushed the caps against my jacket .  .  . broke right off . 
the key to cooking with these is using low heat because the metal is a heat conductor . 
maybe the droid razr is better choice but it wasn t out when i got this . 
the sipping lid has a deeply recessed bottom where you have a hole for liquid to come out . 
but you can not pull back far enough to engage the spring . 
excellent rating from reviewers here :  num_extend stars !  my rating is five stars ,  and i am no troll . 
if you handle it too much it will break ,  it you clean it ,  it will break . 
they came out easily and looked so cute and fun to decorate . 
for someone with smaller hands ,  it s unwieldy ,  heavy and clumsy to hold . 
this is the best value of a pepper grinder on the market . 
sleep like glass ,  very protective ,  fit perfect on my iphone num_extend
i ll try other pies ,  like apple and see it i have better results . 
john boos oil is the best oil for any butcher block . 
i ve used so called iphone adapters before that haven t worked at all . 
i wrote this about five minutes after finishing a cup ,  and i still have a terrible ,  bitter aftertaste . 
this seems to help make pink and white fish even more detectibly moist and tasty . 
does not compare to the quality of the teeter . 
these towels are absolutely fantabulous for the price . 
it is heavy and bakes evenly ,  the most important quality in any bakeware . 
we have put our heaviest bins on the bottom ,  and i would suggest others do the num_extend
after washing them often times the color still looks the same . 
meant to be used with a drill instead of a buffer . 
i remember in classic killing a new boss was actually an accomplishment . 
the lid cracks and pops as it heats up and cools down . 
the joke is that this deodorant is not the one we received ,  even though we wanted this one . 
this shield is num_num inches so it fits the narrow num_num qt bowls ,  not the num_num plus ones . 
i strongly recommend against the purchase of this remote . full review : i am a professional software developer . 
i need a case to protect the smartphone while i m active yet enjoy my music . 
i just could not get these to work with my mosin . 
i m looking to purchase another one just in case . 
now all i need is a lid but i don t think i need it for what i do . 
the splitter was the culprit ,  not allowing good signal through . 
all i can say is yes !  i love this machine . 
the oxo salad spinner is the best one we have used in our household . 
pulling the cartridge box to reload is very difficult . 
i would never even consider putting one of my pots or pans in a dishwasher . 
any precipitation or dust stays off the num_extend and keeps it working well . 
also i wanted something to put in fridge so have cold water to drink . 
if it is that ,  though ,  i m not sure if thats a mercy or a bad judgement . 
any thing that is bass heavy ,  i d have to lower the volume to remove the distortion . 
this is a wonderful gift for any cook . 
it ll keep drinkable hot for a few hours even ,  depending on air temp and what s in it . 
if you want to make  boat shaped  french potatoes or carrots ,  this is the knife of choice . 
it won t do wheat grass or other types of greens similar to that . 
i tried it for three nights and nothing . 
with these tongs at the grill ,  my husband doesn t even need a grill mitt . 
the support is good ,  but a bit tight . 
love the perfect fit and slightly nubby surface . 
it looks like i have num_extend glasses on and am walking around in the sun . 
i tried every single radio station i could find . 
the cereal does live up to its middle name ,  vanilla . 
huawei is not ready for the us market . 
there have been no signs of rust  even with the dishwasher  . 
i slowly developed terrible acne and had to stop using it . 
than hold the opening where the finished grinds container goes over the filter basket and tap the grounds out . 
it lets me pause ,  skip forward or backward on music tracks . 
the handle feels friendly ,  a little softness to the squeeze; yet very well constructed . 
all in all ,  very happy with the purchase . 
most treasure chests are filled with only healing berries  really lame  . 
my num_num star as rated before ,  is now num_num star . 
i d like to say this thing works exceptionally well for my purposes . 
i don t like to grill with mitts or gloves ,  so i have to pay attention to heat transfer . 
if it does break ,  i will definitely write an update . 
you re not going to mix a ten gallon vat of pancake batter with it . 
just don t set your expectations very high ,  and you won t be disappointed . 
an outdoor grill was out of the question . 
it is not fancy like the blue antz headsets ,  but it is more than adequate . 
i thought this was a full page magnifier . 
i purchased this bag to keep my wii games and nunchucks in . 
but i have to admit this is a pretty decent looking bookshelf . 
you can t tweak individual buildings ,  or really get into the management of a city as you would like to . 
it s also great to use in the microwave for melting butter ,  chocolate ,  etc . 
it just did not handle well at all . 
it does well in protecting your phone when you drop it . 
the strands were very loosly twisted and tended to unravel . 
that is all the selling point i needed . 
will update down the road as i have had more opportunities to use it !  . 
a simple dc jack in the unit would be nice . 
i bought both for $ on sale at cvs . 
it will just take a little getting used to . 
i will be looking at their dehydrators next . 
looks nice next to a macbook or imac . 
however ,  if you are an average joe phone user ,  this case will give you all the protection you need . 
i tried this product with my conair hot rollers and ,  it does not set my hair properly . 
one wonders ,  however ,  if the relatively high price is merited . 
i ve used jolly time s % organic yellow popping corn with num_num tbs . 
it easily snapped on and she did not even know it was on . 
if you don t think microwave or air popped corn is the real thing ,  this is the best popper around . 
as for the lemon ,  it s just flavorful enough to provide a sour background to the concentrated spiciness . 
i no longer worry about their fingers getting caught in the beaters . 
the first time i used it ,  and every time since ,  my panini came out perfectly . 
it s spring now ,  and the farmers market with all its great local produce isn t far along . 
if you love your pet ,  at least check them out . 
it works pretty good ,  but not as well as i d hoped . 
i purchased this in the hopes that i would get a fresh tub . 
i returned it and tried a second one just in case it was defective . 
seems like it s a little more difficult to rinse off than other washes . 
as long as it lasts a couple of years ,  we are happy . 
but it is really cute ,  and it works as advertised . 
it is removable and you can move it to either loop . 
this is probably the best knife i ve owned . 
the iphones have poor battery life ,  and the atrix bettery life is even shorter . 
i first bought it to hang next to the large skillet; as a joke . 
i still have it but it also has a few layers of dust on it . 
kid  not pet  safe ,  and indoors only . mouse killer iii :  refillable . 
this product is not really useful with gigia products as they say . 
i m not sure why they made the white one this way but looks and feels like poor quality . 
i would not use metal utensils on this even though the manufacturer says it is ok . 
this replaces a bakertowne that finally broke after many many years . 
someone wrote on their review that these were not lead crystal . 
unfortunately the smell of this product is so intense it makes me feel sick when i open the bottle . 
i use it without the infuser most often for coffee or hot chocolate . 
also being so thick is should be less likely to break . 
connects faster than the num_extend and is one of the best bluetooths i ever tried . 
i changed channels and it worked for like a minute then went dead . 
first ,  the one i got does not have a brushed exterior . 
i lost the charger a couple weeks after buying and i was glad i did . 
there are two reasons for the num_num stars instead of num_extend
one sink has more plumbing under it and the other one just ties into the first one . 
all in all i really like this dehydrator . 
i rinsed the canister and filter material ,  connected everything ,  primed it and it went to work upon plugging in . 
radio shack wanted $ for an num_extend battery with a charger . 
my review is directed towards camp fire use . 
shotty block where none of the knives fit in right . 
my physical therapist told me to buy this ,  but it didn t work for me . 
its blends thoroughly and to a smooth texture . 
why so many ,  you may be asking ?  i have no clue . 
i bought this game for my grandson and then found out it had way too much cussing and violence . 
roomba is light easy to carry and you don t have to push any thing around . 
the blade is also very sharp and makes easy prep of my vegetables . 
then your bowl is free and spinnable ,  and your mixer isn t keeling backwards . 
the capsule is the size of a nfl football and difficult to swallow . 
my mom had one that you could use in softer ice cream without cleaning the utensil after every plunge . 
i dropped it about num_num times from my face to the sink and the head came clean off . 
i had two in one day and woke up with terrible stomach pains the next morning . 
this came and i was excited to get my laptop temp .  ,  down . 
this is a solid part to this system . 
 :    :   this will be easier to form them ,  instead of making them by hand . 
for a product at this price i call that a rock solid performer . 
it took me forever to get it off . 
for some reason the ones i ordered from amazon are horrible . 
it will be down to it s beautiful shine in no time . 
i didn t want to add to the girth of the phone and lose that feature . 
its so good in this price ,  it protect my i phone . 
this came and i used it right away . 
i own the foodsaver vacuum food sealer system . 
the caw feature in num_extend is not as good as the first . wwe should drop thq . 
but if they treated madden this way and added arcade elements then america would revolt . 
that s how narrow reefs run . second ,  if you don t have high arches ,  avoid this sandal . 
after purchasing again realized this chamois is too thin and will not hold up with repeated usage . 
one thing though ,  we have a large family and make many pancakes at a time . 
it did however hold up to the abuse . 
i m going to stick with the halo headband . 
what s not to like ?  i ve got started baking and wanted to try making my own english muffins . 
very tall and skinny and tips over very easily . 
i have three cats ,  one with a mild aggression problem and one that likes to chew . 
these socks do not fit as knee socks . 
well ,  forget that !  the talking box won t go over the loops to get it on . 
i ve used both peppermint and orange flavored versions of the source naturals coenzymate b complex . 
i use these for basic cooking and baking . 
the slide out keyboard opens up on mine with the case on . 
the second one within num_num and the final within a week . 
he modelled them for me as a laugh ,  but was very uncomfortable in them . 
just draw the blade fairly smoothly through the slot  no pauses  . 
i could not use this product because amazon includes the wrong antenna for this product . 
i believe it was overstimulating her in a negative way . 
i bought two sets and now hang lids and extra utensils . 
i purchased this to make a cheese sauce that i didn t have to watch over while cooking dinner . 
he gets bored when it stops moving and walks away . 
i was very disappointed in this crate  which i bought at a local feed store  . 
oh yeah ,  i can t even figure out how to uninstall it from my system . 
and there is something really neat about a spinning disc on a turntable . 
i don t have very thick hair but it constantly bogs down . 
free shipping on the item num_extend ounce and much lower cost . 
you need to wear your own shirt underneath or not use the tie . 
cheaper than what you would pay in store . 
they are easy to read and pour very well ,  and they nest for storage . 
i love the colors and they work well for light weight items and small bags !  . 
it s so much easier to use this juicer than to juice by hand . 
i ordered the wrong part and had to return it . 
i ll probably use this as a highlighter or just give it away . 
this is particularly important if ,  like me ,  you store your fruit in the fridge . 
like four small warm chocolate chip cookies on a fancy little plate after a bad day . 
these were shipped super fast ,  and arrived in great condition . 
when i got this piece of crap ,  i put it on my phone ,  and it was peeling . 
the coffee tastes great and is nice and hot . 
but i cannot for the life of me understand why this is a franchise . 
i bought this deodorant for my husband and he got allergic reaction to it . 
i had a few others but this one does it all thank you . 
its worst then the screen itself . update :  changing the rating to one star . 
i only trust my cell phone screens with skinomi . 
i just can t hack the concentration of that undercurrent of bitter earthiness like nuts sometimes have . 
i cannot say enough about the quality of the sharpener . 
num_extend doesn t include those instructions in their mediocre manual . 
i brewed a pot of this but found it too strong . 
deals with a case ,  charger ,  screen protector ,  etc . 
i get this replacement filter every num_num months for my blueair num_num model . 
it erratically either won t turn on or it won t turn off . 
i m not happy ,  not even a little bit . 
polder had a real winner here and they completely blew it . 
my younger cat loved this toy; my elderly cat is frightened by it . 
i think that this is what makes these headphones so crummy . 
i can easily recognize people at num_num yards . 
it tingled but never felt like i got the oil and dead skin off . 
ralph lauren makes a lot of great products ,  but these shoes aren t them . 
as long as i keep my trips relatively short ,  that is . 
these glasses are by far the best i ve ever used in my lifetime . 
i bought this because i wanted something that wasn t to flashy and would hold up well . 
the num_extend power is adequate for most situations . 
i use to have a motorola walkie talkie . 
i would recommend you save your money on this . 
the light is powerful enough to do its job . 
i ordered a whole set of these in assorted colors . 
this is the spatula you ve been looking for !  it is very thin and extremely flexible . 
it s not surprising that some customers find it flying out of the slipper in clumps after brief use . 
should order num_num packs so they last the full num_num years of phone use . 
magnesium bar is low quality ,  very hard and difficult to make shavings . 
i have to admit to not knowing what organic inulin is . 
too small for beer pong ,  but perfect for moving from apt . 
i also have another spare battery with that same model number and that works great too . 
i doubt it will come off any time soon . 
it s well documented all over the internet how horrible it is . 
my area doesn t have lte coverage yet but i m able to get a strong fast connection now . 
all the dough ,  sauce and cheese wiped right off the pan with ease . 
it takes about num_num million to obtain a new level . 
i bought this to back up my pictures but it died after only one year . 
it s doen t dry as fast and the crylic come off when i used my professional nail filer . 
the smell fills the house and drives us crazy . 
i used them just today to make biscotti . 
always the cheap it ,  will be expensive on the future . 
the product is nice but it s not what i thought it would be . 
i have used iron skillets for decades and do not speak from ignorance . 
so i decided i wanted a horizontal breadpan . 
it seems reasonably well constructed but i m sure it s not waterproof . 
why doesn t anyone make really good ,  lightweight subtle dog bags that don t cost a fortune ?  . 
eaten one at a time ,  there is no noticeable flavor of any kind . 
the problem ? i think my babies were a little too big . 
people don t know i am on a car speakerphone ,  think i am just talking into phone normally . 
it powers through even the toughest pet stains and leaves absolutely no pet odor in the carpets . 
after several passes on the sharpener ,  my nearly rounded edges came out quite sharp . 
in general ,  it takes about num_extend minutes to cook num_num cups of rice . 
waiting to get this one next or the cascade pan . 
while the phone dropped i seen a couple of pieces fly and didn t know what it was . 
i almost never hate a product ,  but this is the worst excuse for eyeliner ever . 
everyone at work like the boot and so did i . 
also my sweat won t ruin it . big con :  very ,  very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone . 
batteries did not charge ,  and tried several batteries to be sure it was the charger and not the batteries . 
i tried the humidifier with and without the filter and cannot tell any difference in dust output . 
this is perfect and the cable is long enough to sit the phone out of the way . 
somebody could have sat on it and it would ve been fine . 
that should sum up how i feel about these supposed  thinkthin  candy bars . 
i really like how it seperates the volume up and down buttons as well as the power button . 
these are quite powerful for how small they are . 
hahaha .  .  .  . i believe they didn t do on purpose .  .  . i sent email again ,  the respond again very quickly and they sent again . 
especially the power supply that bulges on the outside . 
but my son is only num_num and its not a big deal ,  he can just trade them at school !  . 
even better amazon has this cup on a num_num for num_num promotion ,  so you get num_num free . 
i immediately turned it off ,  put it back in its packing material and returned it to amazon . 
it stays on any size pot or pan just fine . 
good luck in your journey to fix your hair !  . 
this brand has uneven clumps of aloe which feel like waste product instead of a craftily created cool treat . 
oh by the way ,  that s all there is to this game . 
it s hard to find the broccoli in this chunky soup ,  since it s the size of parsley flakes . 
i bought this popcorn first for my air popper and went through it rather quickly . 
here s to hoping that it ll hold up even longer after we invest in the parts !  . 
i freeze leftovers and my husband takes them to work and can reheat them in the same dish . 
i only use it in small amounts of time ,  so it hasn t broken down or shorted out on me . 
they were shipped in num_num days . great price for a stylus that works . 
i purchase these underwear becuase i like loose undies to sleep in and these appear comfy . 
you don t have to stand over a stove and watch the eggs . 
it is much more pen like than the rubber type tips . 
it does charge the device ,  but very slowly ,  and no other functionality . 
and that s the only good thing about this waste of materials . 
didn t notice it until we were out on the water and i attempted to use it . 
it shows off the phone itself ,  but keeps it protected as long as you have screen protectors . awesome purchase . 
if you flinch ,  start ,  jump ,  or whatever you could hurt yourself . 
i like the skins though so i need to wash my potatoes more thoroughly . 
it is not long enough for dresses ,  as another reviewer said . 
works just as good as the heavy duty silver fans . 
i m not going to repeat the technical specifications . 
i only purchased this because a friend suggested it . 
during day i have lr blowing out and br in ,  and at night i reverse them . 
we ve found that the ones with wood handles tended to absorb stains and flavors ,  over the years . 
it pulls in a fair amount of air . 
i like the price but you do get what you pay for . 
we ve had a couple sets thrown away by employees or friends who didn t realize the cells were rechargeable . 
if it works correctly ,  i ll update this review after doing a few recordings . 
i took it as a loss and threw everything away . 
i was told that the unit was still under warranty . 
got here sooner than i expected and was well worth the wait and the price . 
switched to tdk and almost always works fine . 
this is not one of those !  this mount is solid . 
there is a lot of collecting to do ,  but it really isn t fun . 
but i have never found a mouse in it . 
she flat out refused them and ignored them even when left out for her . 
you could possibly get this same ph paper for free from your doctor  if available  . 
well ,  it s better than a string and two dixie cups but rich detailed sound ?  not even close . 
it has less functionality than the model that succeeded it  the num_extend yet is more expensive . 
i bought the red cover to go with it ,  and it looks great . 
first ,  the wands are tiny small second ,  it clumps and makes the eyelashes look really bad . 
that came in handy a couple of days ago when i gave myself a hangnail . 
disney really missed the mark on this one . 
the switch broke on the second one after num_extend years . 
these chips give you num_extend fiber in num_extend vs . 
i got this for storing and securing items in my soft top jeep   num_num jk   . 
i also think that the packaging is unattractive; i could have designed it better myself . 
i have to buy filters for this bagless vacuum . 
no way to attach to phone and have room to reach keypad . 
i continued to use just the back cover ,  but it s tabs are losing their grip ,  too . 
also found the ups sticker over top a sticker with someone else s name and address . 
this product is works perfect and i love the style of it . 
have had a few compliments on it as well ;  . 
i have had these adapters for a few weeks now and i can t say much good from them . 
french pressed coffee is simply the best way to brew . 
i purchased the charger for car ,  specifically for my samsung galaxy num_extend
i bought mine a couple years ago and i love it . 
all the different sizes and the two different sides . 
the kids were excited about this product but the lights did not work well . 
the beads would not rinse out and were lodged under my lids . 
i lost my paring knife in a divorce . 
my lips got so dry and they looked so gross . 
this will ensure a long life of no stick easy use . 
also ,  due to the design of the rifle ,  i am unable to swap out the front and rear bases . 
in this case ,  $ is the first time i ve found that to be difficult . 
it blends liquids poorly ,  especially in large quantities ,  since it isn t meant to do that . 
even though i get my hair straightened ,  i still use the angel religiously . 
and it did not prevent viewing from the sides . 
what i got works as it is intended for . 
since it is so large ,  i have found that it is perfect for make homemade chicken or vegetable broth . 
this is a big mistake on amazon s part . 
however ,  i found they were always in use so i bought this set . 
the spices sold in the stores are in different shaped and size jars . 
then there was the special double sided tape needed . 
it fit over the top okay ,  though it didn t quite cover the base . 
i recently read that the king arthur flour folks use this machine exclusively in their test kitchen . 
not worth the purchase and i wish i could get my money back . 
nothing has peeled off or broken ,  it s very well made and holds up to my whisking without fail . 
i drink a lot of tea and was looking for something with another flavor to try . 
if you read the ingredients and thought would i eat that ,  the answer would be a resounding no . 
the only negative i can think of is that it makes it way too easy to eat fried foods . 
recently ,  however ,  there have been new disposable razors which are just as aesthetically pleasing . 
it doesn t really ever need cleaning  just make sure you dump our residual kernels before the next batch  . 
i liked it enough to buy a spare . 
my pt thinks it might have been correcting me too much too soon . 
with an easy grip handle it makes coring an apple a piece of cake . 
it might be worth a try if you can buy it locally and return it easily if needed . 
i like that you do not have to unscrew the top in order to pour . 
unless you have a mild infestation of an easy to kill bug ,  don t bother . 
however ,  personally ,  my results cannot testify in favor of this product . 
i did not purchase the chairs in the photo above ,  just the table . 
great case but crack at the bottom due to putting more than num_num cards in . 
the squirrels destroy plants and containers and chew through wood trim on the house and get into the attic . 
you can increase your luck but this decreases your lore . 
if i could just lift the lid and push the beans down ,  that would be no problem . 
it spins easily and the spices that were included are good as well . 
i like this little kitchen device !  it takes most of the guess work out of bacon . 
i should have read the comments as well . 
right where the cord connects the charger , it tends to fray and the wires beome exposed . 
i had to pull the straps down and wore them tucked under my bra in the sides and back . 
my dog has very hard to deal with skin problems . 
i guess i m probably just sick of playing these ff games . 
this makes it impossible to remove the bread pan when it is hot . 
i ended up buying frontline plus from another reliable place and it works  great  just like it always did . 
macro lens is crap but the fish eye is nice . 
a little smaller than i had hoped for but hey the description said the size . 
the price is awesome but the fit is very awkward . 
saves a lot of space in my car and office . 
the bonus part is that it will protect your phone without the case being too bulky . 
this can be used for something else but not for prevent snoring . 
i absolutely loved my zo bakery but after num_num years of almost daily use the heating element was going . 
after num_num hours ,  two lights were still charging . 
i gave this case away or else it would ve just collected dust in my drawer . 
furthermore ,  the perfume smells quite different from the scents at the department stores . 
chunky soup ,  cracking eggs to scramble ,  ice cream ,  a small salad ,  olives ,  etc . 
the infuser doesn t work all that well but this thing will keep your tea hot all day . 
i don t know how well this product works but i can t get passed it s repulsive smell . 
the  ear attachment  and its hinge is made of flimsy loose plastic . 
i got this sandwich grill in a christmas gift exchange and was thrilled at first . 
it s stretchy and soft so it stays on with out being too tight . 
i did not much care for this product . 
no mess from pans ,  and num_extend secs and you got eggs . 
i returned this game after a day ,  and bought slugfest instead . 
i believe in using protectors on my cell phones and tablets . 
if you have larger hands ,  you may well have trouble with it . 
i ordered an extra gasket just in case  :   always better to keep extra gaskets . 
the only person in the family it fits is my num_num year old daughter . 
they feel hefty in your hand and are easy to lock closed and unlock when they re needed . 
i definately recomand these to anyone who love their phone . 
knives are a little flexible but better then most at this price . 
visit   .  .  .   for more info . the only downside to this pitcher is that it does not have an airtight seal . 
what a buy !  this is a good sized pot for preparing soups . 
too bad it s so obnoxiously scented !  i m returning it immediately ,  no ifs ,  ands ,  or buts about it . 
i work my tools pretty hard ,  but i almost never blow out a watch in a year . 
went to the store to take a look and came running back to amazon to purchase . 
wacoal ought to be ashamed putting it s name on something that is so inaffective and flimsy . 
anything heavier than an egg is difficult to turn over because of the flimsiness of the spatula head . 
as i was in need of a new coffee maker i started looking around and reading reviews . 
i have really thick ,  hard to curl ,  dry ,  asian hair . 
i would still have it if petco still made the filters for it . 
if you don t want to get a grinder ,  still buy whole beans and grind them at the supermarket . 
i got it on sale i m really happy with it . 
if you have carpets vacuuming is not enough . 
it s almost like they put some ground instant powder in the mix to make it stronger . 
this cooker is a pleasant surprise ,  because none of these problems happen with this presto . 
it fits into my purse or even in a pocket . 
make sure you check your connections before you buy this . 
i m so frustrated that i wasted my money on num_num lbs of this lousy flour . 
most voice commands were received correctly by both phones . 
brought a lot more usage back to a phone . 
i found these finally and was quite disappointed . 
perhaps weird but straight bacon in the morning makes me happy . 
as much as i hate plastic ,  i didn t experience any odor or taste as some others have . 
this pan is great and makes a very pretty cake . 
for a gaming experience that truly screams the mid nineties ,  its the donkey kong country series . 
i had high hopes for this cereal ,  as i am a big peanut fan . 
the coffee brews directly into a stainless steel thermal carafe . cleanup is some work . 
my niece and her new husband like their wedding gift . 
i ve always wanted one and i m so happy that i finally bought it . it s simply amazing . 
about this phone ,  i have only num_num complaint . 
haven t made pizza with it yet but i imagine that will be great too !  . 
who doesn t know pyrex ?  this size is heavy and a bit unwieldy ,  but that s the nature of the beast . 
so with that i will drop my overall rating to a num_num star . 
they are heavy ,  sturdy ,  great for the freezer  they frost nicely  . 
no matter whose providing our cell phone service ,  dead zones still seem to be an issue . 
good grip and protects the phone for sure tho . 
i took it with me to the hospital but the material is too tough and itchy . 
the palm v is the second palm product that i have owned . 
they have a horrible waxy weird aftertaste that is really bad . 
yes ,  has seven different screens unlike the original droid which came with three . 
for the cheap price it functions just as we ll if not better than the more expensive ones . 
i wish cobraco the best of luck and hope they can some day live up to my higher expectations . 
they recommend cleaning the unitas needed with a drip coffee maker . 
num_extend the same as the num_extend of the basic flavor . 
cooking meat spatters ,  so almost every inch of this rack is covered with grease . 
inexpensive and fast shipping at a resonable price . 
putting small kibble inside presents absolutely no challenge and the ball is emptied in under one minute . 
i bought this product to deter squirrels from moving into my attic . 
after few minutes of charging ,  it felt hot . 
great item if you own a samsung galaxy phone and your charging port stops working . 
activision should make a new game ,  instead of concentrating on tony hawk this ,  tony hawk that . 
i wanted to take a photo of this to explain that i couldn t complete it . 
this filter came free with my new mr . 
  .  .  .  the bold s camera was a surprise to me . 
what i got is green army guy material . 
but again ,  the customer service was great and far exceeded my expectations . 
it wipes clean easily ,  and is very sturdy . 
these are very light weight compared to my first set . 
my wife loves these and i have to admit they are pretty . 
very frustrating for both us and my son . 
the texture was good ,  pliable ,  not prickly or crunchy ,  and easy to get chewing . 
fully wet the sticky side of the film as well ,  but don t spray the liquid on the phone itself . 
i definitely recommend this product to evo shift owners . 
i m sure i ll use it sometime when i rearrange furniture or move it to another room . 
for those who want something small ,  this isn t very useful . 
it does what it said it would do . 
keeps my mixer dust free ,  without having to store the whole thing in a cupboard between uses . 
yep battery life is a problem with most pda phones . 
verizon s house brand fit almost over the whole screen with no issues . 
would look fine on a shelf or desk ,  in a bathroom ,  almost anywhere . 
this one is oval shape which makes it harder for the kids to spin on it . 
they are dried out tomthe point they are white on % of the outside . 
she sent us a new  upgraded  drill kit and a gift certificate quicker than i thought possible . 
isn t the oven setting correct ?  well ,  at times it isn t . 
it provides great height for my plants to grow and the seal is super tight . 
i ordered this one which was suppose to be a num_num foot model . 
the game tries to be both an rpg and a warcraft style rts . 
would be good for a small child but not an adult . 
it smoothed out nicely with no bubbles on the surface . 
the puppy kong we have is num_num years old and still good . 
if it s as good as wind waker you know i ll buy it . 
since i can connect one gateway desktop though linksys ,  i confirm the network setting is right . 
we d recommend using spikes instead because this product did nothing to keep them out of our yard . 
there is no smell and my cats had zero reaction to this product . 
product performs great and was avery reasonable price . 
the bumper is easy to put on or remove . 
i am brutal on headsets due to my line of work  carpenter  . 
some of the problems people have had with the lid ,  i have not experienced . 
taste is so so ,  not horrible ,  not great . 
the first filter i received from shop deals usa was much smaller and extremely lite . 
this game is so complicated ,  that its a drag to play . 
the straps were uncomfortable ,  and the band was uncomfortable as well . 
the plastic beads ,  when washed down our drains ,  are polluting our oceans and waterways . 
just put the slab of meat in the freezer for a few hours and slice away . 
glad i didn t purchase the larger box as i ve been awake all night . 
magnet is excellent at holding knifes with a large surface area . 
i did not use any egg or oil in the mix . 
when we write on it now ,  the line immediately evaporates so you can t see what you ve traced . 
you can also adjust the vent to help control the flame and how much heat is being put out . 
i ll keep what i have but will not consider ordering cat food again from amazon . 
i originally used the verizon screen protector ,  but recommend the zagg . 
the reviewers who say this tea has gone downhill in quality must be right . 
it has definitely helped me out ,  works great !  . 
next morning or whenever ,  you have a vitamin rich drink . 
this is your only choice ,  should you run out of space in the original drive . 
the car that you drive is too darn hard to drive . 
its nothing more than advertised ,  great spare charger to have around . 
the high frequencies rattled and sounded tinny like there was a loose connector inside the casing . 
but i m not sure if there is a better  dishwasher safe  way to design the lid . 
so ,  as of now ,  still have no scrub top and no refund and no answer from ups . 
my kids are drinking green smoothies ,  because there is no problem having everything frozen and blended smoothly and quickly . 
all of the pans stack together so i have more cabinet space . 
seals tight and locks so thats great just in case you knock it over or drop it . 
the max drive will update your cheats quickly . 
i handwashed the lid and bowl so i ve no idea how it handles a dishwasher . 
i bought this for use with a baby glock and the pistol fit is flawless . 
a previous reviewer mentioned how quickly it works ,  and he s right !  . 
one of them is methyl paraben combines benzoic acid with the methyl group of chemicals . 
all in all this pan is well constructed ,  and will give you many years of service . 
this sunscreen looks ashey on the skin ,  and is very shiny . 
all connections between the case and your phone are soft . 
texture is crumbly with a slightly sweet coconut taste . i gave it a low rating because its way over priced . 
was unsure if this would actually work better than a standard balloon whisk ,  but was pleasantly surprised . 
i have this set of spoons ,  along with the regular rsvp measuring spoons . 
it will simply disappear from your bios at ramdom intervals and give you the blue screen of death . 
after this ,  i m not sure i d go back to an electric one again . 
maybe if we put num_num scoops in we d see an overflow of grounds ? no drips or leaks from the carafe . 
i got the item on a friday sale for num_extend so i guess i cant complain . 
he had similar reaction to their product and did hydrogen peroxide tests and found them to be rancid . 
i bought this but then went on nutrisystem so i gave up popcorn for num_num months . 
i washed it with dial antibacterial soap ,  and it still smelled awful . 
we used it on the board and it did a great job . 
i am done with the bottle i will order no more . 
this is one hell of a mediocre game . 
anyways ,  if your looking for an alternative to the expensive ram solutions ,  this is it . 
wow ,  lots of unhappy reviews about the lid . 
they make jerky all the time and love it . 
the plastic leaves a grainy dust when you tighten the screws ,  which is a lovely feature . 
even better ,  you can find it in department stores everywhere . 
a lot better design from num_extend i love the slide power button . 
guess i will use it to season something . 
reccomended to me by andrew whaley of coffeeboy . 
i just wish i would have bought one years ago . 
no longer will i be stuck with a mere num_num gb of storage . 
since greed is apparently the sole motivation they have behind their various decisions and practises . 
and speaking of firmware ,  i haven t checked to see if num_extend is available in the u . s . 
have given one to each of my children and plan to give more as gifts to new cooks . 
the souls of my boots were starting to come off so i used this . 
i is a very good price and does its job well . 
don t put cocoa powder in % milk before frothing . 
i m not sure if that s just a fluke or not . 
it doesn t automatically occur to me that even natural foods today are doused with chemicals . 
this also has a fragrance that gives me a slight headache . 
pls help make this company fix this issue by sending proofs in and forcing them to refund . 
if you are looking for a good reliable charger ,  i would recommend this item . 
although my experience with bluetooth is very limited ,  i am impressed with this one . 
my visor is thick and the slip on holder for the ikross won t stay . 
the tabs should be a bit sturdier but they are not . 
honestly ,  i would like to see the creators beat their own game . 
forget the num_extend generation ,  this grandpa does the job better . 
came on time and just as described ,  i might buy a few colors for myself !  . 
the clarity of the glass sucks when focused manually or with a camera body with its own motor . 
the force is excessive from when you first start to depress the key . 
i ve always had good luck with hamilton beach products . 
i find it somewhat entertaining that these forums show a good degree of brand fanaticism . 
if you have the stock music app running ,  it works flawlessly . 
i really didn t think it was worth the money . 
in general ,  i still like the case and still think it is a good value for the money . 
this is especially problematic for a lens that is made for stitching images . 
i have only had great results when using the floor tool . 
i hate to gripe about this purchase as i enjoyed releasing the few ladybugs that i did receive . 
easy to install and if the need arises ,  easy to remove also . 
however because of the design of the bars some boards will not sit flush to the wall . 
the handle is firmly attached ,  to help keep everything steady as you fill jars . 
i tore mine removing it from my pocket so be careful with those . 
same price ,  same package ,  careless error on my part . 
i m having to ship it back to amazon now in order to get a refund . 
i have extensive experience with networking num_extend years  . 
don t waste your money on the possibility that that the volume control won t fail . 
it is colorful ,  and my daughter does enjoy throwing it ,  but that s obviously not it s intended use . 
he was also able to rip open a hole in the trunk . 
they neither froze nor did they become crunchy . 
not since final fantasy i have i been so frustrated with a game in the series . 
and to think that i used to content myself with instant coffee !  !  !  . 
and not just a little warm ,  or a lot warm ,  it s hot . 
the cutouts keep your control buttons and camera lens usable . 
point a to b  like someone on here had said  . 
this case is perfect for the iphone num_extend
it s kind of hard to unhook once it s closed . 
there s really not much to say about this particular item other than it works well and as described . 
i ve made excuses for it ,  but now i realize it s the weakest aspect of this phone . 
parts like this either work or they don t ,  and leave you frustrated for wasting your time . 
bonus ,  even a klutz like me can t break these bowls . 
i won t recommed the product to anyone ,  unless they love stalks . 
great box overall but did not get what is pictured . 
it broke easily which defeats the purpose of getting it to protect my phone . 
i ll likely just buy a different harness altogether . 
so please ,  don t waste your money in this item . 
i replaced the factory provided batteries to no avail . 
i noticed my eyes started getting irritated and a rash on my forehead . 
it is definitely the biggest bra i have ever had . 
i think the concept is best if a person has multiple dogs and needs side by side crates . 
samsung branded so you know it works good and it does . 
most people have no idea i m using a headset . 
it s not thing so great but it does protect the headset when not wearing it . 
i tried a few more times to stomach it ,  but just can t do it . 
so amazon quickly sent a return label and i returned it and ordered another . 
by the way ,  this charger is motorola brand ,  but it charges all devices that have the micro usb port . 
not too long ago i dropped a fat stack and bought the entire line of awapuhi products . 
it is very easy to slip under over easy eggs with out breaking them . 
but ,  no i didn t try it during the day . 
and let s face it ,  it is very possiblr . 
its a beautiful design ,  however as it was at a discount store ,  it included no packaging or instructions . 
easy to install ,  just peel off the paper andpress onto to wall . 
they both begin with  :   filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates  . 
i wish ,  truly wish i liked this stuff . 
i still use the old one with the  shortened  handle ,  too . 
hope it will fix all the problems and i will fall in love with it again !  . 
in that brief moment in time ,  your pulse quickens and your bp rises . 
i have had this press for a couple of weeks now and i use it every day . 
this is how i feel when i carb load . 
the power indicator is very convenient to know charge pack status . 
i used it to peel an apple ,  and it worked great !  i didn t know that peelers could do that . 
yeah baby .  .  !  and the chickens love it too !  . 
recommend this for anyone who uses their brita filter system . 
the blade attachment works very quickly and as i said quietly . 
unfortunately ,  it doesn t have a rubber base so it can slide around when it s in use indoors . 
i wanted to use this for massaging my lower back by laying on it while on my back . 
the firmware update shifted the camera performance from abysmal to very average . 
am i paying more for the brand name rather than the product ?  . 
who can predict what bad things might happen ? other cautions in norelco s documentation :    . 
i always make sure to put a light coat of oil on the pan after i use it . 
as the sole coffee drinker here ,  i swear the first cup is the best ever . 
gently squeeze out the bubbles ,  and then remove the top protective sheet ,  and you re done . 
also when i have breakfast in bed they fit perfectly on the serving tray . 
i should have looked at a ruler to see how long num_extend inches was . 
unfortunately ,  there is a grounding problem with these speakers . 
i really like the radio@aol feature  which is why i purchased it  . 
this device is hard and has no give ,  so your spine adjusts without any cushioning . 
the balloon in the belly popped the second time we played . 
commercial is the handles ,  which on the pro do get very hot very fast . 
there were ,  of course ,  the traditional can openers . 
in the same respect ,  never put your food into this pan when the pan is cold . 
this knife is really ,  really sharp and holds an edge well . 
my husband likes popcorn and makes it quite often . 
when using the case the color transferred to my hands ,  face and ear . 
the color changing text is interesting ,  but staring at it would not be a good idea while driving . 
warning of the dangers of the harbored digital rights management  drm  subroutine that comes unavoidably bundled with the game . 
the only problem we have is that if the lid gets mixed up with the other shaker ,  it leaks . 
find the device on your phone and it pairs within a second or two . 
just purchased this thing a few hours ago . 
i love lodge products ,  but this doesn t work for me . 
it must be labeled exactly  nunaturals nustevia white stevia pure extract  . 
every woman in our family num_extend now  has received a gift of a kitchenaid . 
i have a white and a black  bulk packaging  . 
this mixer died after only a few uses . 
i ll check back in six months ,  if it lasts that long . 
i get about num_extend charges on my iphone num_num from the charger . 
the battery tester function is partially useful for testing alkaline cells . 
it stays on fine ,  but it picks up a lot of background noise . 
for the price there s better toys out there that will keep your baby s attention for longer . 
this is a perfectly good full cover to protect your investment . 
the the furniture looks like a paper craft project that you punch out of a children s magazine . 
i filed it down to make it fit but then it becomes too weak . 
this egg cooker works well and makes perfect soft and hard boiled eggs . 
i really can t think of anything negative to say about it . 
this strainer has just the right size mesh for straining puddings . 
did a good job of cleaning up my cluttered spice cabinet and for that i give it num_num stars . 
if you want your inner box to be intact when you get these ,  please order from another seller . 
turns out they take twice the time to charge your phone and break twice as fast . 
turn that damned light off for something a little more subtle . 
we live in a renovated basement and our closet is just a bar hanging from the support beams . 
they are extremely sharp ,  cut well ,  and have a very comfortable grip . 
i would buy this product again and will continue to buy oxo products !  . 
i would strongly recommend lee consider redesigning this piece of junk or take it off the market . 
but its a good headphone for the price and for its use . 
dont but it unless you want a headache . 
if i can put a fork in easily ,  the fish is usually done . 
the reason i purchased this was to use for my symbol num_extend barcode scanner through my usb ports . 
you should fly right through that building ,  not the case with this game . 
i bought this product a week back and it performs great . 
to simply remedy ,  i took scissors and cut the opening a bit larger . 
i think this amounts to a matter of opinion . 
the foam isn t attached to the side walls and the foam falls down when you open the case . 
but it all turns out to be boring . 
while it removed some ,  it would not remove the larger ,  harder ones . 
i suspect there might be something in our town s tap water that reacts with the pot . 
you have to hold the pirate down to push the swords in . 
it is heavy and a little bigger than i wanted ,  but couldn t be happier anyway . 
the power speed fly switch up was poorly designed ,  and they do the same thing every time . 
the pans have made me a much better cook !  . 
i give the one star due to my money lost . 
i also have the num_num and num_num liter along with small ones . 
it just does not inspire confidence that a more solid contact would impart . 
not at all soft and flexible like they claim . 
it left my hair heavy feeling and unpleasant smelling . 
all the buttons match up ,  and the color is the exact same . 
it s already saved my phone once ,  when dropped . 
all holes and good and buttons are easy to press . 
directions as well as trying other techniques found posted on the internet . 
i like this because its not real heavy like the one i used to have . 
i like the flat covers so much ,  i bought extra covers ,  just in case . 
i bought this for my girlfriend ,  who has hearing loss ,  and wears hearing aids as a consequence . 
the earlier plantronics was also very good as well . 
i purchased this headset after the one that came with the xbox broke . 
remove with only one num_num minute application !  no daily application of creams ,  oils or acids . 
i mill my own flour ,  so was a bit skeptical regarding how this oven would bake the pizza . 
i wonder if there are too many veggies in this food ?  cats and dogs are carnivores after all . 
it can t be that hard to make lemon flavor . 
ver high quality finish and feel to it . 
it works fine without installing the water filter . 
now the handle has a jagged seam with that is off center and sharp . 
i actually like that the clasps are a little tight because then you know they won t accidentally open . 
if my skin starts looking better without it ,  i will just trash it . 
i ve had my unit for years and love it . 
the pieces fit in awkwardly ,  especially the alphabet one . 
however ,  if you need something extremely light ,  it will work ,  but it will bend easily . 
my prior homeowner left one of these on the dryer when they moved out . 
no sharp edges ,  secure closed doors ,  better gauge wire and a softer  better quality  tray . 
i contacted the seller and to their credit ,  they immediately sent two new ones which work well . 
i work with computers and accessories all day ,  i am not intimidated by something different . 
still loving my phone and android period ;  i hope you will too . 
it s a good product and i ve given it as a gift for friends . 
but looking back ,  syphon filter really isn t any good . 
for those that want lte ,  for about $ dollars more i would certainly go with the galaxy sii skyrocket . 
bought a spare battery ,  haven t charged my phone is soooooooo long . 
i lay the lids on loosely for microwaving . 
these knives are the best i ever bought . 
in the beginning ,  these hit the right key every time . 
never received it !  don t have anything to say on this product . 
i reasearched for hours what wok to buy on youtube . 
i do not have to prepare food in another area when using the microwave . 
colors on picture are not as they are on the actual ear cap . 
the case barely shuts; you can drop it on the ground and the contents spill out . 
i wanted to use this cleaner to ensure my friends vcr would be in top shape for the conversion . 
they are not even a heavy duty plastic . it only moves on certain surfaces . 
don t waste the money ,  good graphics or not ,  this game is not entertaining . 
so ,  that s just a little general pasta machine info . 
very disappointed in this product !  doesn t do what it promised to do . 
fortunately ,  i looked at the old one first before i ruined this one . 
this little gizmo will charge my phone from dead to full three times on one charge . 
i then purchased one through sears and am very impressed with it . 
the cars themselves are pretty clunky ,  though they improve somewhat later . 
very pleased ,  after boiling turning the heat to simmer it makes a good tasting full bodied cup of coffee . 
we later used it to go to the vet ,  and had the exact same thing happen there . 
i did not keep them ,  nor would i recommend them . 
it appears to be extremely high quality and very well designed . 
i wouldn t recommend it to anyone shopping for a headset . 
so ,  order today because oxo s exacting standards sometimes make it difficult to keep up with consumer demand . 
for the iphone num_extend you have to make sure that that the bluetooth is on . 
my two stars goes to the absolutley fantastic opening sequence of stunning visuals and graphics . 
this dutch oven is exactly the right one to own . 
when i used it everyday like it says ,  my skin was awful . 
you can do your basic spin attack ,  jumps ,  grabbing onto ledges and floating . 
the second i bought to see if it was a fluke didn t work right out of the box . 
it does exactly what it is supposed to do and does it very easily . 
the stem broke on me after three docking attempts . 
i expect kitchen gadgets to come with recipes ,  and was surprised when this one did not . 
the only complaint i have is that the handle is way too short . 
i had only been using it for about a minute and it got quite hot . 
my only complaint is that it sticks a bit when retracting ,  otherwise it s a num_extend
we ve always  ground  beans in a blade grinder but it s impossible to produce a uniform grind . 
the rounded edges and chrome trim give it a more upscale feel . 
amazon vine review : i ve been switching back and forth between plantronics backbeat and motorola num_extend for a couple years now . 
not positive results for severe itching ,  or hives . 
i just baked a chocolate cake num_extend in num_num minutes !  you would absolutely never know the difference . 
everything cleans up so quickly ,  in the dishwasher or by hand . 
this is my first rectangular one ,  and i like it a lot better than the round ones . 
how the players can play the same game for a year and a half is beyond me . 
fits well ,  does not stick to screen well . 
just bought this processor last week and i m already in love with it . 
if you have a lot of suede to coat ,  forget this . 
not just for the htc but for any phone that takes a usb adapter for charging . 
i am a right handed person and the left sided opening is awkward . 
i just don t get the hang of it . 
this how ever seems to be a beast . 
i m new to air rifles and made hundreds of shots trying to zero in a rifle using these pallets . 
get in it and it drops to within num_num inches of the ground . 
i am using this for an htc thunderbolt and it fits it perfectly . 
i found the aftertaste of this product very unpalatable . 
by the end ,  several of the seams had problems and the bow fell off . 
so far they have lasted several months with taking extreme good care of them . 
i ve had expensive machines ,  cheap machines ,  major brands and generics . 
until the iphone came out ,  needed another battery to keep it going . 
all i got was an error when scanned . 
the fact that the pieces do not slide together or interlock at all really ticks him off . 
i ll recommend this product to anyone looking to experience music like never before . 
it s easy to clean ,  either by hand or in the dishwasher ,  and it keeps our microwave really clean . 
i may never have to pull out my large num_num cup cuisinart num_extend ever again . 
oh boy !  of course i might have had a better experience if i had not been laughing so hard . 
i bought this as a supplement to a kerosene jet heater that i also use in my garage . 
if you plan to use yours alot get a better one . 
just turn on the ikross ,  go the setting on the iphone and turn on bluetooth . 
the grind settings are reliable and produce uniform results a very attractive feature is the lack of mess . 
after listening to all the hype i decided to break down and give it a try . 
i have had no negative issues with use . 
the product does not work as it says . 
hard to adjust the amount of soap to dispense . 
the stinging takes a couple of hours to subside . 
there are a lot of characters ,  a lot of games ,  and a lot of different things to try . 
i usually love dermablend for it s coverage and staying power . 
 a feature i did not know it could do when i ordered it .   . 
i bought this shelf to organize my bathroom counter with . 
it requires a larger bowl to blend flour and butter . 
i have a wired and wireless networked soho . 
i got a couple of them just because they were priced well . 
the kitchenaid pulse is a failure in actual controlled blending . 
i purchased another one ,  it was comfortable ,  this one had a leak and would deflate in about num_num hours . 
so mine sat at the bottom of the cage and just got pooped on . 
this spotting scope is virtually useless past num_extend
no complaints and you can listen to your music as well . 
sure the web swinging is well done but they had that down in the last game . 
think of this as a tiny laptop computer ,  not a cell phone . i bought the seidio num_num mah battery . 
my problem ?  the top !  i have so many problems getting the primary top to screw into the thermos properly . 
too cheap to bother returning ,  but not useful for me . 
i put my griffin bumper back on and it didn t bubble like my previous one . 
i would rate this a num_num our of num_num in comparison to most drug store brands . 
well ,  to start things off ,  i will list the pros of the game . 
im very happy with my purchase and would buy these again !  . 
these things make using the larger ipad very easy . 
when they arrived their fit was too large all over and i was quite disappointed . 
num_extend num_extend curdle test has been under way on the kitchen counter for num_num hours now . 
my hair looks like i haven t washed it in num_num days . 
they removed the zippered compartments from the interior and they removed the portable padded laptop sleeve too . 
in addition ,  they look like over the ear ,  like scoshe ,  but they are not . 
got for a christmas gift for my grandson . 
i have had zero issues with this mixer . 
the ghost was a nice touch though . graphically speaking ,  this was a good game . 
at first ,  this seemed like a good purchase . 
i didn t treat this little pot particularly well ,  and boiled it dry more than once ,  but always worked great . 
this product did nothing for me at all . 
i use this cooker more than my range top or oven . 
these were great also ,  but they are not clad up the sides . 
however ,  be very careful to hold the valve end still . 
i wanted to find a good ,  durable blender for use at home . 
sure wish it had worked !  we re trying fox or bobcat urine next . 
and the people on the other end of the call like this headset a lot better . 
my first shock came when i opened the jar . 
but in our world today we rely on power to make many of our tools to work . 
i m used to putting food in a hot pan and immediately losing a bunch of heat . 
this product offers some protection and a zebra design . 
num_num for the printer and the last for a router . 
i wanted to see if anyone else was having the same problem . 
it takes a lot less shelf space in my refrigerator than my previous brita pitcher . 
when cooks illustrated recommends it ,  it s nearly always excellent . 
if you do buy this camera ,  look for an update to their software if you are running num_extend
this blade works well for chopping veggies for a salad like cole slaw . 
you can sync two phones at once which is a plus for me . 
my vet recommended these for my num_num girls  one maltese ,  one papillon mix  . 
while quick ,  the auto focus is not very accurate . 
the best results ever and easy to take care of . 
without it ,  i consider there to be no reason to own it . 
it is a standing ,  thinner and perhaps smaller version . 
stainless  facade  on the front and sides is very nice tho the matte black unit looks very nice too . 
on to the review .  .  . the pot lid is very ,  very heavy . 
my last kitchenaid cover lasted over num_num years and lots of washes . 
the game just does not deliver what it should for what a starship combat simulation should . 
dc flat screen tv for our travel trailer ,  i bought a regular one and picked this inverter up . 
next i asked :   where do you have the facility to make it ?   i hear :   ahhh ,  we re in mequon ,  wisconsin  . 
great fit for the phone and high quality construction make this an excellent bargain . 
guess what ,  % say that  a  is their choice . 
so ,  you must use the included extension cord ,  which is way too long . 
it s not a replacement for a full sized vacuum ,  but it is a very good daily cleaner . 
what can you say  bout a pan ?  it works . 
i hope this will not crumble over time ,  because i really love it . 
the green part started peeling off within a week . 
this was an expensive lesson for me ,  but we switched back over to our loved dog food . 
it provides good protection for the phone and has room for the extended battery . 
this is a great size ,  easy to operate ,  beautiful look on the counter . 
now i simply leave in it my oven and set pans on it when i am baking something . 
although it looks nice to me it was a waste of money . 
since we eat a lot of fruit around my house ,  this is an item that gets a real workout . 
but i ffel the price is a bit on the high side for these items . 
it is worth it however as the leftovers come out very very dry . 
all of the doors fall off every time my daughter plays with it . 
the best paring knife i have every had . 
i bought this for working on watches ,  but broke two tools within minutes of using . 
they are very feathered which makes them look thin . 
it is also very easy to clean either by hand or in a dishwasher . 
forget pounding unless the recipe calls for it . 
the players look nothing like the real thing unlike madden for num_extend
the don t have the bridge to so they can t be used as tips . 
my skin was  normal  with no problems before this serum . 
this screen protector  the package contains num_num of them  is of good quality . 
but you can t use boiling water ,  for obvious num_extend
this however is just like scented water . i definitely would not recommend this product . 
this polish doesn t dry great and when you put a top coat over it the design smears . 
this is great for my large breville toaster oven . 
this set of ear plugs does wonders for me . 
over time ,  you want things to get smaller not bigger . 
at the present time this item is of no use to me . 
the smaller crosspoint screwdriver won t engage smaller screws . 
my num_num year old keeps pressing on the puzzle pieces to try to make them work . 
it did not get tangled in my thick ,  past shoulder length hair and it rinses out in a snap . 
i ll try to return it and tell you if i got my money back . 
the track is very delicate and falls over or falls apart constantly . 
i bought num_num and gave them away as gifts  !  !  !  . 
i like the feel of it ,  the size  width  of it ,  and the color . 
i tested my ipod with headphones and it played perfectly ,  my radio played perfectly so it wasn t my speakers . 
this is typical of nokia s products ,  placing a high degree of emphasis on packaging . 
we ve had these things since the little ones first came out . 
i did just use a cnd shellac color this last time . 
and his parents so i think maybe that s the problem . 
it really did nothing at all for me . 
the shocks at the treadmill are yet to be tried out . 
what so great about that ? you don t put it away . 
before ,  with the microwave popcorn ,  i had to wash the oil off my hands when we were done . 
cars have a very hard time to stay on the track . 
a spinner any smaller than the oxo would not hold a head of romaine or green leaf lettuce . 
i have had to tape piececs together and she still manages to escape . 
so far a month from usage it s still good as new . 
i am pleased with the size and the way it saves the coating on my pans . 
its very bright ,  i will say that much . 
we found that each setting was within five degrees of the indicated setting except for highest . 
i use it for making biscuits and it s just what i wanted . makes great pie crusts ,  too . 
they are nice and sturdy as well ,  not the cheap flimsy ones . 
i ve had my infrashine flat iron for over num_num years . 
the  jumbo  size did not match our  xlarge  litter box ,  despite the  equal  dimensions . 
these are fun to use when making cookies . 
one of the poorest excuses of a sport i have ever seen . 
this is a very comfortable headset and was quite easy to set up with my motorola phone . 
i use this for my meat and other food thta i wanna keep fresh and it works amazing . 
i have the treats in it and all and she doesnt even roll it around . 
i bought this electric kettle about two years ago and still love it . 
but the iphone app just hangs and doesn t sync to my account ,  even after a reinstall . 
you have to complete num_num off the wall ,  ridiculously hard tasks just to get one weapon ,  or one inventor . 
i tried many times to glue them but they still break easily afterwards . i still haven t seen a better holder . 
i dropped it on the ground once and it shaddered . 
we used to knife to remove scale ,  but this one is much better than knife . 
oh yeah ,  and i got a serious sore thumb from holding the joystick in the same direction . 
she had it all over the floor around her , and all over her paws . 
i only received the red num_num grit ,  and blue num_num grit stones . 
first ,  i would have never bought these simply due to their cost alone . 
spend money on those ,  this i absolutely do not recommend . 
i am all about bins ,  and they are perfect for storing bins . 
once the black writing wears off of these there is no way to tell the measurements . 
this would be a great product of the wires to the ear buds were more durable . 
the first holder works well when my iphone num_num has no bumpers of any kind . 
was very disappointed as was hoping this would be a good solution to my girls . 
it has a normal good size fan noise that i don t find irritating . 
very cheap material and gets dark and dirty quicklu . 
the magnetic smart switch in the cover isn t as good as the apple factory cover . 
it s too expensive to feed it to the feral cats all the time . 
it was on her face ,  eyes and mouth . 
this was a gift but as far as i know ,  they are very happy with it . 
as a side note ,  putting it together after taking out of the box was very easy with included instructions . 
but when i rinsed and got out of the shower ,  i knew something was wrong . 
it is not included and i wish we hadn t bought it . 
the xbox num_num is a very good gaming system ,  but however . 
ateco is a great brand and this offset is reliable . 
i would suggest for a cheap git or yourself . 
and have given many sets as gifts  greatly appreciated  . 
they all make coffee but so few have the shutoff . 
i have scratched it ,  cleaned it with a metal scrubber and it still works great . highly recommend . 
the handle is all metal and not very rough so it is very easy to drop this . 
works like a charm and looks good on our kitchen counter . 
we used it day and night during a num_num week cleanse . 
unfortunately ,  these do warp after a long time use . 
so if your looking for a change sure i would recommend this . 
i like the teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it s dishwasher safe . 
i guess i m not having that much luck with bluetooth earpieces . 
and crashed again after trying to launch explorer . 
and was told they would need tocall me back . 
its is in many makeups and its slowly being taken out of the products we use . 
the new covers are made out of the cheapest plastic possible . 
this stylus is wonderful to use ,  when it s new . 
pieces always stay inside and it gets funky if you don t find a way to get them out . 
the inner case is very hard to the point that it could damage your phone . 
i found this product to be a great value and the service was great with this vendor . 
you have to remove the cradle ,  and the antenna for this to fit well . 
i can t say anything good about it and i don t recommend this game . 
in terms of performance wen is still better . 
this is really great at getting everything out of the mixing bowl and smoothing cakes and icings . 
besides of that i like the quality of the music and the phone calls . 
it must double the thickness of the phone . 
the toy projects light ,  and the stars are just shadows ,  not the other way around . 
i ve had this product for some time ,  and i ve been nothing but impressed by it . 
it s my first amazonbasics ,  but the styling and features are anything but basic !  . 
it really gets the dirt and pet hair . 
the quality on the other end is very clear . 
i would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated . 
now i m looking for recipe s where i need an immersion blender . 
multiplayer on these maps is much ,  much ,  more fun . 
that product is rubbed on ,  and has a bronzer so that you can see where it s being applied . 
i bought this for my brother and he s so happy with it . 
the frame rates have also taken a beating . 
it may work on dogs with less serious problems than mine . 
a direct line recording from my line out would be stuttered and useless . 
i tried on an extra small  no way  and then a small at a local store . 
i was going to buy another one but this one seemed fun . 
the item did fit the phone very well ,  but didn t offer the increased handling confidence i was looking for . 
just like my parent s had when i was a kid . 
i tried charging my htc evo num_extend lte with this charger . 
i think i paid num_num cents for this . 
well right away i had a ninja running at me slashing me to bits . 
the retraction part doesn t work as well as i think it could ,  but it gets the job done . 
i bought these blocks because i wanted to use them for some maternity photos . 
they have wide models and another shape i think ,  didn t need them . 
sorry ,  im just telling you how it is . 
oh yea it gives you a wifi hot spot too from you data package . 
in early career mode ,  most of the more interesting races ,  tracts ,  and cars are locked out . 
i don t know what is going on here . 
it held up for a couple of days before it started to pull off the screen . 
the buttons on the phone don t lend well to alarm clock functions because of their size and location . 
i had to re wash my hair after using this . 
it was so easy and so much fun . 
for some reason ,  i thought this was going to taste more like coconut milk . 
i gave the protector a real work out my playing my gem drop game for about num_num min . 
i see nothing wrong with the way they slice in spite of what another reviewer said . 
anyways ,  now he doesn t play with it at all . 
if you re looking for something that will last over time then this is it . 
once the grilling was done ,  i waited until it was cold and wiped it with soapy sponge . 
the only issue i have is that it doesn t come with a lid . 
i ordered one of these a few years ago  four ?   . 
threw it in the garbage ,  and immediately ordered a different case . 
these are only num_num billion which is nothing . 
finding a way to use the long arms to hold the actual phone can also be a challenge . 
nomenclature and printing on battery not as represented in photo . 
the seller was wonderful and got them to me long before the promised shipment date . 
i wear size num_num but it clearly is too big for me . 
i love to bake cakes ,  so i m not sure why i waited so long to buy one of these . 
this was only one of two sets that i found that met all three of those criteria . 
out of all ,  this was generally total dissatisfaction ,  however ,  the product is a good one . 
though neither is something we d want to purchase ,  kiwi berry was the least desirable of the two . 
the fat burner pills are fairly large and a pain in the $ sometimes to choke them down . 
the card holder is a great bonus as well . 
the length of the cord is also shorter than the original adapter and it heats up considerably . 
goes over the area rug in our bedroom which is on carpet ,  with great ease . 
we thought this product would solve the fried vs . 
games like boiling point ,  gothic num_num  best game ever  and morrowind ,  are . 
however in comparison to another similar product that i ordered this one has a few things going for it . 
in num_num months it was eating batteries in num_num minutes . 
just bought a new one to have a new one . 
i had try several kind of bluetooth and this is the only one that has worked perfect for me . 
this replaced a backberry she got from a friend when she dropped her origional . 
i bought it for my surefire num_extend defender ,  hoping i could molle it to my num_extend vest . 
this was the first ever highlighting kit i have ever used . 
and this time even the coconut oil isn t cutting it . 
easy to learn to use the different features . 
i don t know how these work on hard water stains . 
that s num_num to num_num months of operation according to my experience . 
the little fluval is doing all the work . 
apple s num_num pin connector  and this cable is no different . 
this iphone made cord will work with any standard num_extend jack . 
it was a bit spendy for a can opener ,  but it should last a long time . 
the fabric doesn t have the same stretch as the one i got last year . 
well the foundation doesn t stay and it doesn t cover well . 
i got two of these aero beds for my kids . 
would have gave a num_num for a speedy delivery ,  but my  bulk package  came defected . 
just find a brand who s flavor you like . 
however this product does not fit our droid num_num phones . 
i had a question and contacted moroccanoil directly . 
now i hit every one i go after . 
i have an iphone num_num and thought i would give this a try . 
i d rate it a num_extend but the parts are plastic and i m not sure yet ,  if they will last . 
i have a verizon iphone num_num and this cover works well with it . 
i had this machine for about num_num weeks . 
it is a clean crack with the separated pieces fitting together without gaps . 
so if you have  little ones  around or clumsy hands ,  use with caution and store carefully . 
i was so disappointed ,  i threw away num_num packs . 
i replaced it with a bigger one that is more durable and less expensive . 
i happened upon it at a small town pickle factory . 
it takes longer to clean that it takes to grind the coffee . 
we bought this before talking to our vet ,  the side effects just weren t worth it . 
during winter ,  mice invade our barn and basement looking for food and warmth . 
i think they would work if your puppy is already pad trained . 
i recently used the num_extend model charger on vacation and it worked !  !  hope that this helps .     . 
this is a cute toy and our daughter loved it but . 
check the dimensions also ,  much larger than i thought . 
it chops very well to any desired amount of chop . 
most importantly it fits easily on either ear with just a quick adjustment and is pretty comfortable . 
i got two and they both fit good in the closet . 
i swear by this company and buy nothing else . 
this really should have come with the phone ,  but since it didn t ,  this is a good buy . 
no problem ,  i just used it with a regular filter and no lid . 
the handle is one piece ,  and there is no way to modify it . 
this extra iphone battery does give you an extra num_num to % spare capacity compared with an iphone alone . 
at only num_num miles from a few broadcast stations ,  i expected this antenna would be functional . 
much better than the more expensive kitchenaid blender it replaced . 
if you can swallow smooth sweet tasting mud ,  be my guest otherwise stay away from this . 
in all fairness my husband is also super picky about his shoes as far as comfort goes . 
if you want a cereal that has lots of fiber and protein ,  and will keep you full for hours . 
i ve been using it for about num_num months now and am no longer pleased . 
we payed $ then and worth the money . 
the ice cream was firm ,  but was not so hard that the scoop should have broken . 
please keep in mind that these are a bit smaller than what most people might like . 
it can  go out of control  and spin the rotors uncontrollably . 
for the price ,  yeah it s some cheap plastic . 
now ,  i can simply touch the head set ,  say  call home ,   and the phone starts ringing . 
and ,  in the past ten years the popularity of cast iron pans has increased every year . 
i had the original several years ago and they were fantastic . 
told you why mega man num_extend is so freakin  awful . 
you could leave it out on the counter displaying your cookbook . 
even temps ,  mostly ,  and cleans up easy ,  even with eggs . 
the case itself looks great  aside from the giant incipio logo which is a bit of a turnoff  . 
it never tangles for me ,  has good body . 
worst of all though ,  the motor has lost its umph . 
no matter how many times i tried to introduce the product s  to him . 
i spent some time researching these  not enough to offset the savings vs . 
this stuff is just not as thick an smooth as gillette s series of gels . 
this wok may be pricier than other similar appliances ,  but it is worth it . 
if you are thinking of buying these go ahead and buy them . 
when i saw his knife i told him he probably should get something made better . 
but please ,  please save your trouble and stay away from this game . 
was poorly made and didn t fit the phone . 
by the time i received the product ,  it was no longer needed . 
but i could not recommend it because of the poor quality . 
they only thing is that it is hard to get off sometimes but other than that i love it . 
other then that ,  they are exactly what i expected . 
the software occasionally dropped out and the unit had to be restarted but after that it worked . 
this is a cute product ,  but does not fit around the phone properly . 
in all actuality ,  you can probably achieve the same cut with a pair of scissors and micro sim template . 
this is very sturdy and no longer have that problem . 
then ,  it very suddenly started lasting less than a day . 
i think the thorlo brand is vastly overrated . 
this shirt is very light weight and so comfortable . 
the silicone housing is just not very well fitted . 
the material obviously had to be made from chemicals . 
but it is no better than the attachments that allow trimming . 
fits the griddle and does what it is supposed to do . 
i saw so many good reviews for this i had to try it . 
i purchased this case because it had the best and highest rated reviews on amazon . com . 
pizzazz rules !  !  !  ! plus its in black my fave color . 
perhaps a better deal depending on what is on sale at the time . 
the other brand only provided partial charge on the phone and even less on the ipad . 
with drivers misssing ,  drivers being misplaced ,  electrical failures . 
they started falling apart after a week too . 
the clamp fits different size frame tubing by using the provided plastic sleeves . 
i can t take calls and can t adjust the music volume through the piece attached to the headphones . 
it makes my phone look like new even though i ve had it awhile . 
barely picks up much before you have to empty it or it loses suction . 
probably because it s a little bit loose . others might get a better connection . 
way to small if you like to take a lot of things . 
if you want a num_extend camera look at the olympus stylus num_extend and the konica minolta dimage num_extend
i purchased this because i have broken capallaries in my cheeks from sun damage . 
sick ! the photo software that this num_num comes with is useless . 
i prefered the card games in ff viii and ix . 
chargers disappear and break in my house all the time . 
it is nothing more then a night cream . 
after using this for a while ,  it is really helpful . 
i don t know how to describe it really . 
on the positive side ,  this game is seriously beautiful . 
i ordered this with the new coffee maker and it works well . 
the icarrier is square and just over an inch thick . 
they were great product did not preform to me . 
no amount of fiddling could get the headset to sit right . 
i wish i could return mine and get my money back . 
after watching a friend play this game and playing a little myself ,  it looked sweet . 
some of my sealed weights leaked after several dives and had to be redone . 
i ll update this if the tool was the problem . 
still a timesaver if you re used to molding them in the pan with regular tongs . 
the little marks between each num_num pounds are impossible for me to read even with my reading classes . 
this is really not my kind of deodorant . 
you have no real control over your party .  .  . everything is automated . 
i will keep hoping for an all natural asthma solution that works great . 
the included usb cable is only for synchronization ,  not charging . 
i tried this self tanner about a year ago and had a horrible experience . 
i contacted boost case help ,  but they never replied . 
incorrect ,  only stated it was an outdoor product . 
last night ,  it had been running for num_num hours ,  at num_num am . 
por fin ,  la mejor version de num_extend acaba de salir . 
i put in the oven and no problems . 
i have sent them no less than num_num emails over the last num_num months . 
i ended up having to take the whole phone apart and bend the pin back into place . 
chicken ,  hamburgers ,  hotdogs and steaks all came out great . 
if you are registering for a wedding or another occasion ,  definitely pop this one on your list . 
and the mute feature  pushing both volume buttons at once  was confirmed with a tone . 
the benefit here is that there is some spongy material to absorb the shock if you iphone drops . 
a quarter  us  slipped under the corner works perfectly to stabilize the case . 
but if you are looking for a game to entertain you .  .  . pick something else . 
unfortunately ,  i now have a case of this bland stuff . 
usable only on jeans or some heavy denim . 
we were so excited to give this to our son . 
it s thin material and does not necessary look like it will last a lifetime . 
i don t know if it s the product or the user ,  but this won t hold my lashes on . 
it s a little big but everything i needed for my office . 
with fandango ,  gameplay seems to be a less important means towards creative and hilarious ends . 
i also like the num_num person memory ,  quick fit cuff ,  and cuff storage . 
very serious issue is the left over wax . 
combined with an otterbox  commuter  phone case has my new iphone totally protected . 
it has the same os as the num_extend
i am able to get online with the wii using this device ,  but it is very touchy . 
this de boles pasta has a really weird aftertaste . 
this is a beautiful watch ,  but no matter how i latch it ,  it won t stay on . 
fits perfectly in a true half size baking sheet . 
it cuts effortlessly through tough root vegetables and slices tomatoes paper thin . 
we bought these so our guests could have ice water in their rooms . 
if you are expecting commercial quality ,  and most powerful electric meat grinder ,  go with tasin . 
wow !  i poured my comparison cup of coffee made in the bunn down the sink . 
i d rather bake at home than buy anything that tastes like they didn t clean the sheet pans between bakings . 
i have not seen my daughter even give it a sideways glance since chirstmas morning . 
and if you are using your note num_num as a gps ,  it will barely maintain the current charge . 
i have had my first one for about num_num years and it still looks brand new . 
i purchased this splitter so my wife and i could watch movies on my tablet during our recent flight . 
in reading the reviews ,  it seems this is more common than it should be . 
needs to be more protective and more sturdy . 
well the num_num was not worth it so we returned it and got this one . 
now i have to check on it periodically to make sure it is connected . 
i have several friends that still use theirs . 
no complaints and will buy more when needed . 
this was only the touch screen and not the rear lcd screen . 
my experience is the buzz just adds to the noise . i ve tried to give the headphones away twice . 
 very easy to do  turned it on at num_num pm on high and closed the bedroom door . 
i like his friendship where he throws his hat like a frisbee . 
i love my so much ,  i got one for all the secretaries in my husband s office . 
sony headphones are notorious for the ear pads falling apart . 
the controller is very difficult to master or sometimes does not do what it is suppose to . 
the premium crystal clear screen protectors for the droid num_extend work very well and are a perfect fit . 
all three are excellent products ,  without doubt .  .  . we have num_num homes and use them frequently . 
if the price is too high ,  i m sure you can find a cheaper cooker that will do the job . 
this toy was a great find or so i thought . 
i used it once and threw it out .  .  . it absolutely reeks . 
i ll probably end up donating it to the thrift store . 
i was so happy with the first num_extend that after num_num months i lost it so i bought another . 
i actually found the play at times fun ,  but the game crashed num_extend out of num_num games . 
i bought one of the num_extend extended batteries from ebay since the seidio ones are so expensive . 
i would recommend this to anyone in the market for food processor . 
you can mix ,  bake  ziti  ,  and refrigerate in these . 
when viewing video the latency makes it so the sound and the moving lips almost ,  but not quite match . 
you can turn anything into long thin strips . 
those are about the only good points about this cleaner . 
these were great at first purchase ,  but they did not hold up very well . 
i bought this one really for the handle trying to make it easier for me to cut things . 
the computer would detect the camera and download the pix like it s supposed to . 
the bite valve is and still remains a mystery to me . 
if this were a computer product it would be worthwhile . 
most will just pop them in a bag ,  purse or pocket . 
doesn t get any simpler to use ,  worked great ,  and it also looks nice on the desktop . 
it had no effect on frisky ,  a six month old rescued feral . 
i usually love these cheese and peanut butter crackers ,  but these are probably the worst i ve ever had . 
if you need one of these cords ,  this is the one to get !  . 
it actually smelled good like chicken and had lots of gravy which i thought they would go for . 
they were too long and ,  again not wide enough . 
i am two years and $ into tic products ,  and i have nothing left that works . 
some places still supply this as a spare part . 
i am a dude and i bought these for my wife because she needed one . 
too bad they go so heavy on the fragrance . 
fit into my phone with no problems and into my computer also with no problems at all . 
this was a great toy ,  for the first num_num minutes . 
xenosaga is not a true rpg ,  nor is pretty much any console game out there . 
i can only assume it is a good product . 
this was a positive experience although i still feel like a traitor to frugality for buying it . 
it is useless until i can buy screws from a hardware store . 
the fingers that grip your phone do an admirable job . 
this cream soda for the sodastream is absolutely terrible . 
it is a great design with a great feel . 
the misto sprays just enough oil so the pepper and yeast  stick  . 
it cooks wonderfully and the rolled ,  high sides make cooking even easier and cleanup is easy too . 
the rebel wireless remote is not a good device . 
this is all i ever need for myself . 
i bought this to use as a diuretic ,  didn t really work . 
no big deal as i just remove my phone from the cover when i want to dock it . 
it takes about two minutes for my old capresso to turn out a decent cup of coffee . 
the wood on some has broken or splintered away . 
it only worked for a month then it would charge my phone anymore . 
for me over all just to much bean of a flavor and i will never by it again . 
i wish i could have returned this box for a refund . 
these ,  in turn ,  are composed of  fatty acids .   these fatty acids fall into three categories :  saturated ,  monounsaturated and polyunsaturated . 
i purchased this model ,  because the blade is held in place with two screws . 
the plugs all fit well and the charger does the job . 
i had already purchased a bra just like this one in a popular high end clothing store . 
i don t want to take the back off my phone to place it in a case . 
she munched on the softest one and ate some of it and it gave her a tummy ache . 
the slightly high price tag would have been worth it if this product had lived up to its hype . 
i would only use it if i was out of paper filters . 
i d recommend this to a friend for sure . 
to end it all ,  the ending was just . 
this is a very good spatula to use with stainless steel or iron skillets . 
the color went beyond pretty and it looks great . 
i have bought flight sim num_extend num_num pro ,  and now num_num pro . 
i would raise the rating a notch or two if it allowed me to . 
still ,  i love using fresh spices ,  so a little extra clean up effort is ok by me . 
i was desperate for something that would keep food hot all day ,  not luke warm . 
i have other zeroll scoops and the handles are all color coded for the different sizes . 
i don t even remember what was wrong with the other one ,  but we got the same thing again . 
this is my third pressure cooker and i love this one the best . 
i use these when i ride my bike . 
this ear phone is very good and i recommend it to all of you . 
i unpacked one of them ,  read the instructions and immediately filled out the return request for amazon . 
these are rally great one arrived with a broken handle . 
i can t get enough power to charge it when it is plugged in to my netbook or laptop . 
so ,  i have it here somewhere for me to look at occasionally  :   . 
i upgraded from the num_extend num_extend  also a seriously great phone  to this . 
the color is exactly what i was looking for ,  but the consistency is no good . 
for me this bay rum shave puck was very ,  very dry . 
however ,  we normally just brew num_num cups a day . 
room around the eyes so its not pressing against the eyelids . 
bought for my sons iphone num_extend and fits like a glove . 
it might be low acid ,  but it seems that any acid at all is too much for some people . 
the  ballistic  case for samsung infuse num_extend is very solid . 
one for my daughter and one for myself . 
having misplaced my first oxo steel cocktail shaker ,  i bought a different brand . 
i read that and thought it silly since i never vacuum in the dark . 
i guess by most of the meat being too soft and  mushy  ,  it lost all its flavor . 
but i had so many from other phones that i just used the other ones . 
whatever . another main ingredient of this game was its puzzles ,  i suppose . 
but that s about it ,  num_extend stars out of num_extend
sounds just as good ,  still in one piece . 
this filter works ,  but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . 
you can see what is inside and how much !  old time fun again . 
i opened the container and instead for a fine powder it had clots probably due to the heat . 
the next time around ,  i ll make sure i thoroughly research the game before i buy it . 
it picked up three times the moisture from the carpet than the eureka . 
i got this for my son who is putting food up for bad times . 
i wish i could understand why stupid men have to have enormous arm holes . 
he said he d had other reports of the product causing problems or simply not working . 
even with a brand new filter ,  the water tasted very bad . 
this template was hard to get all the color off in the correct shape . 
however ,  later on in the game the game starts placing num_num laws in effect all at once . 
this stated that it was for knee and patella support . 
for example ,  the output of the oem charger for the nexus one is num_num amp  i . e . 
they give you this false image of how beautiful you ll look when you use it . 
the phone fits perfectly ,  and is easy to slide in and out . 
until the open road design i just got and had to send back . 
ive ordered alot of screen protectors and these are by far the best . 
the num_extend forces me to make an adaptation . 
in this price range i m just asking for useable optics ,  so i m not expecting a leica for twenty bucks . 
the dish has high sides which i like so i can put lots of filling in my pies . 
i don t understand all the hype about this product . 
in other words ,  the juice can charge at most two devices :  a notebook ,  plus one other small gadget . 
note :  amazon requires vine reviews to be posted within num_num days of receiving the product . 
i immediately went into the main game and went to play . 
it will not work as a shine spray ,  or frizz remover ,  etc . 
being a trainer ,  i had to try it . 
give the price of the nook to a local charity . 
the only thing i found myself despising was the the tail s inability to stick for prolonged periods of time . 
not much to say about a measuring cup .  .  . it measures liquids accurately . 
because the plastic is hard ,  it scratches the top of his nose . 
why didn t they use hinges so the legs could fold . 
i like this product because it is simple to use . 
well ,  the fat does drip continuously ,  but the poultry and meats cooked in the rotisserie are plenty greasy . 
the lids are sold separately or there appears to be another version of this pan with a lid . 
there are only two possible user names :  admin and user ,  a potential security flaw . 
so far it works and fits in car charger perfectly . 
i would have rather paid much more and got something that could last . 
if you ve ever held a samsung galaxy num_extend with a zerolemon num_extend battery on it ,  you know it s heavy . 
they always come off as soon as i walk in them . 
it won t fit on a charging dock ,  i don t think . 
this very simple stand has a lot going for it . 
there s this voice that will tell you it is turned on and the state of your battery . 
screen protector went on fine with no bubbles . 
i originally used a thin nail ,  but wanted something a little easier and faster to get the job done . 
 not much effort was taken to do so  . 
to make matters worse ,  they re not even accurate among themselves . 
 there was lots of reading ,  much too much ,  in the game . 
have not seen it make a difference in my skin color . 
it came out in too small of pieces anyway . 
i am num_extend and ordered a medium length and these fit halfway over my feet !  waaaay too long . 
let me first say that this is not the vacuum that i selected and ordered from the amazon site . 
the care oxo takes in design is obvious and the materials involved are superior in every way . 
it was a fraction of the cost of batteries that verizon sells for this phone . 
my toaster sits next to the stove so it tends to get splatted with whatever is cooking . 
i needed a new plug and when i ordered this one i was surprised how soon i got it . 
it works as well as my $ ge wall oven but is faster and uses much less power . 
again though ,  i wouldn t use them to filter out a model entirely . 
it took a few times to cook the rice the way we like it . 
the old developed some cracks after several years . 
the game simply doesn t live up to it s prequel . 
i have a daycare and over think it is a waste of money . 
when my son was going through his construction phase ,  i purchased this . 
i could see how to beat every battle ,  if only the ai would cooperate . 
this price seems pretty high to me but i do like mine . 
i first thought i d try using my workout glovesvaleo ocelot wrist wrap lifting gloves . 
have jack lalane and this is so much better . 
the bag is also very simple to hand wash . 
i washed my hair num_extend times and it still smelled like it . 
however ,  he has replaced his also within the last year . i bought this ball around christmas num_extend
glad amazon has a great baby item return policy . 
one made in japan  superb  and one in china  ok  . 
i have dropped my phone with this case on it and nothing happened to it . 
i want to get it in other colors . 
i ll also reconsider when it comes time to upgrade whether to buy another motorola product . 
i won t buy a cheap bino online any more . 
i can whip up flawless batches of bread in large quantities without a strain on the dough hook . 
this is a $ set of knives with a block . 
i just made me a hell of a steak in this last night . 
so ,  atleast this was not for my num_extend
i decided corelle livingware would be lighter to lift and take up far less storage space . 
i use this accessory for my foodsaver more than any other item . 
once i started using only made in usa products the issues went away . 
i first bought a norelco back in the num_extend and it was the best ever . 
i hardly ever use my regular oven anymore so it has helped reduce my electric bill . 
i just received my num_extend coffee team lux coffee maker . 
you alternate segments between a young retarded lad named billy and his grisled ,  bloodthirsty yet also retarded preacher uncle . 
i don t know what people are finding to complain about !  love this little sandwich maker . 
i use it a lot ,  however ,  and am glad to have it . 
i spent a ton of time trying to figure out why it wouldn t resolve an ip address . 
in austin ,  not which isn t an especially large city ,  there is not one frequency with absolutely nothing on it . 
within a minute water entered the canister through spider cracks in the base . 
maybe the extruder hadn t been rinsed well .  .  ?  preservative ?  probably would have been tasty otherwise . 
it s the same great quality as the larger lodge skillets . 
they stack perfectly ,  and the shape of them makes them exceptionally easy to use and level . 
i m always looking for new snacks to spoil my mini dachshund ,  so i bought these at petsmart yesterday . 
it looks like the direct replacement that came in the blender . 
our dog is well behaved ,  but has the worst case of separation anxiety . 
i wasted my money on both cb radio and the antenna plus the adapter . 
i don t have time to sharpen with a stone . 
after num_num or so minutes of work ,  i finally got a barely usable edge . 
growing up ,  we rolled it out on the counter and cut it with a knife or pizza roller . 
i use it for my iphone ,  laptop ,  and speaker system . 
your goal is to chain colors together and drop the breaker block to set the chain off . 
i listen to about num_num gig of music daily so throw away another $ for a memory stick . 
getting really a num_num for num_num deal with the built in usb charger also . 
thought the little food processor might be nice to have too . 
no plastic taste or smell after first use and dumping of test water . 
the battles are full of little phrases that ,  after a while ,  will drive you crazy . 
works for peeling carrots ,  making plantain chips ,  and probably lots of other things . 
takes much less time to heat up ,  which means using less electricity . 
also i find the lid that comes with it to be pretty much pointless . 
you can make from a cup to num_num cups and it automatically turns off when ready . 
the holes are too small for the majority of the pegs . 
after almost two years with this vacuum is it by far the best little sweep vac i ve owned . 
she s still not too happy with the usability of the motorola num_extend
my little one is almost num_num now and has had it for num_extend years . 
i received the pair of these goggles i ordered this morning . 
my network is hardwired and i use linksys routers . 
if you have the space to put it on a wall or inside a door ,  that would be better . 
we think this grater is just perfect for our needs . 
i use the regular blade to make dough ,  and it has done an excellent job . 
and even then ,  it s just a small singe ,  not flames or loss of structural integrity . 
if this sounds like too much hassle for you ,  then you might look elsewhere . 
there are six spoons in the set with all the sizes you could want . 
i do shake it a little in addition to the stirring . 
i guess i got spoiled on gin gins . 
well i am sorely disappointed after reading all the reviews about this machine . 
i only paid $ for the num_num oz . 
it is not dishwasher safe ,  so ignore the manufacturer s directions at your own risk . 
the spout has a filter in it so that you can pour your drink and leave the ice behind . 
too large around the ankles and a little snug along the calves . 
hot enough to curl other lashes i m sure . 
i couldnt even leave town untill i found everyone and it was a pain to play . 
sometimes prone to touch screen failure or vibrate feature failure ,  but still a good phone . 
so i bought the presto pro knife sharpener and was not disappointed . 
considering what you can do with this little food processor ,  and the price ,  it s a pretty good deal . 
the sight glass however ,  does get hot enough to burn . 
this is a fun zebra case for my iphone . 
it s inexpensive but just a bit too cheap . 
i bought these for a crab feed that hasn t happened yet . 
i mean i was like they will not be clear ,  loud or work . 
i don t have this game ,  i only played it at a few stores . 
that s the one that killed my love for constant comment . 
so i do have a clue as to how to manage a litter box . 
it is one of the best utensils i have ever had . 
sending num_extend pics as mms via tmo ?  cough . 
they leave globs of hair on my chairs . 
ea killed this game with really bad drm . 
i ordered this for my sons phone ,  he loves it . 
i bought three of these num_num tspoon ,  num_extend and num_num spoon . 
this is the nicest mount i ve tried yet . 
what i received could never be described as sturdy . 
the button is small ,  lightweight ,  and doesn t interfere with anything . 
the product works as advertised and has not failed so far  after coring out num_num pineapples  . 
after several weeks of using this product ,  i actually can say it made my skin look worse . 
i am so glad i finally got a decent machine . 
i knew both of these things before i bought it ,  but it was still a bit of a surprise . 
in comparison ,  the kong toys are mighty strong . 
toast wasn t a golden tan as i had anticipated ,  but brown around the edges ,  white in the center . 
the gba codes worked better than they did with my old ar ,  but i was still disappointed . 
i wouldn t put it on my skin and ,  as a skin care professional ,  i say not worth it . 
the movies are ok ,  but the game play is boring ,  and most of the jokes are really corny . 
i got this for one of my cats who had mild buildup on his top teeth . 
they sound great .  .  .  . but ,  as with any earbud ,  getting a good sealing fit is critical . 
i was hoping to make long and narrow baguettes . 
plus they are too loose for a straight fit . 
we bought this one on the strength of the cooks illustrated and other reviewers  ratings . 
we have tile on the walls and don t want to drill into them to install a shelf . 
i have had it less than a week and it is already broken . 
i have a little gut ,  but not so much that i have this problem with pants regularly . 
i just hope the other games coming out are not just num_extend ports . 
my opinion is that the kimber slide release is far superior to the wilson combat product . 
save your money and buy a new irrigator . 
i didn t put this in the dryer for fear of shrinkage as other reviewers have noted . 
i bought this pan to make sandwich buns from yeast dough . 
i received it very fast and its identical to the one that came with my ipod . 
i was skeptical because i read some not so great reviews . 
the filters are easy to clean but you do need a new hepa filter every num_num months or so . 
well i found this one easy and great to use . 
i have about num_num that are functional and two or three which are for parts only . 
the plastic is very thin and it gets punctured too easily . 
it comes with a plate that fits the evo battery its some generic charger . 
i used to buy several cheap versions from marshalls ,  retail stores etc . 
i was num_num days over the return policy . 
we ve had many bread machines but this one is by far the best we ve owed . 
i had to go back and shampoo this product off him . 
i also like how they fit like a glove and leave way less bubbles than most protectors . 
i can clean it ,  and it doesn t roll away like the iq ball into places my dog cannot reach . 
until i researched the ingredients and made the switch . 
this is the worst ff game i ve ever played ,  taking the title away from num_extend
these pens will write just fine on disks that don t have an unlabeled ,  mirror finish . 
the pc version of bioshock is the most drm d game ever released ,  no joke . 
they was in the dishwasher and come out looking like they did before they were used . 
it s similar putting on vasaline on your lips . 
it keeps me from paying too much for juice prepared by someone else . 
it is only held in by one magnet . 
i bought this on seeing num_extend star  rating in amazon . com . 
i had none of the problems in the reviews . 
i bought this thinking it was something else . 
enough so ,  that we are returning the toys . 
i found it to be absolutely ,  positively ,  useless . 
the pressure cooker is much larger than i need . 
by doing so ,  the lid handle should slide into place on top of the pot handle . 
i prefer more customers but it from amazon now . 
but i eventually discovered that those new spoons were not accurate !  made in china ,  of course . 
it keeps the fish moist ,  and reduces any fishy taste . 
these are made of very low quality materials ,  but given the price ,  there is no shock here . 
the pan has a nice weight ,  and is very sturdy . 
they re much thinner ,  set up faster and provide a nice canvas for makeup . 
it adds considerable bulk to the phone ,  but i feel like it is well protected from any mishap . 
i like to make waffles on occasions and am not a pro at it by any means . 
it works as expected and i m very pleased with the results . 
there s not much i can say that a few thousand reviewers have not already covered . 
android malware continues to crop up regularly ,  with a new one just found today that bricks your phone . 
i have had one for the num_num phones i have owned . 
if you leave it on a time  or a spot in between . 
my pups won t bother with this no matter how many of their favorite treats i put into it . 
the quests are enough to keep you occupied for some time ,  and varied enough to avoid boring you . 
you just swoop  slide  your finger up to increase volume ,  and down to decrease . 
it works with the iphone num_num and the num_extend
i am sure that it will last forever ,  but i don t like the toughness of it . 
the case provides great protection with limited added bulk . 
also ,  to avoid this issue ,  the strainer must hold less than a cup of liquids . 
so expensive and the quality is very poor . 
in addition ,  the transformer ,  that plugs in the electrical outlet ,  gets way to hot . 
was able to get the smaller one on ,  but could barely get the larger up past hips . 
i used this for several years ,  and it is fine for what it is . 
highly recommended product ,  this is a stockpot you will own and use for a long time . 
it looked horrible !  and nothing like how it looked on the blonde woman s lips . 
be sure to leave enough room to fit the bottom all the way back in . 
i like the  split fan  feature with oscillation that spreads the air flow over a broader area . 
my main issue is with using larger bags . 
they make a much better and safer product . 
i bought this because i live in the cold north and really miss grilling in the winter . 
the stew cooked up fabulously in the new pot . 
i think the extra $ or so i spent for belkin are worth it . 
fried eggs with little butter never stick once you know how hot to get pan . 
i was skeptical because of the other reviews ,  but this case is great . 
btw ,  the vendor who depicts one item and sends another is redrock distributing . 
i never thought i would review the sharpening steel for my knives . 
i am glad that i chose this one instead of one of the  traditional  wood boxes i was considering . 
it probably took about num_num to num_num minutes to install . 
check out that video too if you want more info . 
this is a bit too much work to get the olive oil out to spray . 
it also works great to stuff banana and small hot peppers . 
all those num_num star reviews can t be wrong . 
it s made for home use ,  but can be used in a campfire . 
this has gone on for num_extend minutes while wasting the num_num aa batteries inside . 
filters will not work in this coffee maker ,  as the grinder blades are sitting in the drip basket . 
it was half of the price of this one but we returned it to the store num_num times . 
i ve been putting off getting a mini prep appliance for a long time . 
after two months it wouldn t play dvds longer than maybe num_num minutes . 
i also used the on board attachments and found they were convenient . 
and i did not want a coffee maker that spat everywhere . 
now imagine walking through your house with ten pounds of grotesque filth in a trash bag . 
i purchased this cookie cutter for my son s upcoming ghost birthday themed party . 
all of them produce heat ,  but this is the handiest heater i have ever used . 
in general ,  brushes don t seem to last very long . 
there are some levels where you switch between the two ,  one defending the other or completing different tasks . 
it looked very nice visually in the screenshots released . 
i opened two bars to be sure ,  and passed one to my coworker to smell . 
pairing was cake and my droid num_num was synced in num_num seconds . 
and in truth ,  it wasn t the kind of appliance i d ever thought i d buy . 
while it is christmas ,  and my son did get a brand new crayola glow dome ,  it s not really exciting . 
i personally believe this is a useless and cheap product . 
so i went onto amazon to find a high quality ,  long lasting can opener . 
we are not all the same size and shape . 
they are also much smaller than the originals . 
well ,  i suppose one can t wax eloquent about a tea infuser . 
it looks almost identical but the other machine just hasn t been cutting it lately . 
this is horrible ,  it can t tell the difference between the dog barking and someone laughing . 
it lasted throughout half the night before it wore off . 
don t lose money and time with this game . 
the game looks stunning for what it is . 
the mugs are not flat bottomed so they do hold water from the dish washer after they are washed . 
my phone is a num_extend and not a . 
i had high hopes for this unit given what we paid for it ,  but have had many problems . 
a poor expenditure ,  but too much bother to return . 
but this expensive kitchenaid is out of warranty . 
with a closed lid over the tools they never fall out or get lost . 
another said that it was great ,  they peeled a bushel of apples quickly . 
and ,  it fits so closely that one of my charging docks will still work with the case on . 
wish i would ve known about flat whisks earlier . 
it s a small price to pay to keep this coffee machine performing as it should . and oh yes . 
this toy was more trouble than it was worth trying to play with . 
on the other setting ,  i like to slice cucumbers paper thin and add some vinegar . 
i repair a lot of iphone s and i d say there s a num_num in num_num chance of getting a defect . 
but it s just a suggestion that does not interfere with the product s function . in general excellent product . 
with the rubber base ,  i have had no issue with it tipping or falling . 
i must have done something wrong because this was a disaster . 
this game is about ww num_num in the pacific as the title indicates . 
i had to force myself to stay interested and keep going . 
i add herbs and get great tasty spreads . 
that is because the finish will deteriorate and allow food to stick . 
i tried that instead of this dish and my dog hasn t had any more problems with eating too fast . 
my phone is silver with white keys and it looks fine with the black case also . glad i bought it !  . 
we feed halo dry and our adult male cat stopped vomiting . 
this is something many similar games boast of but don t really deliver on . 
there are far better ways to combat oil than this product out there . 
i tried cerave facial lotion am ,  because i love cerave facial lotion pm ,  and cerave moisturizing cleanser . 
i am very happy with this butter keeper . 
expect to spend more money teaching others how to use simple machines properly . 
i am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own . 
i ordered this because it has a wide base . 
i had to try various approaches befoe i was able to get good yogurt . 
i would like them to be thicker but they do hold up to wear . 
it feels like a tough cover that looks so good ,  you ll forget you have a screen cover at all . 
the rectangle gave them space to use the other half of the griddle for eggs and worked great . 
i immediately started emergency water changes and filtration . 
it has two belt loops and a belt clip . 
i purchased this set of coasters for my father to give my niece as a wedding gift . 
i can still answer calls from my cellphone as well . 
as soon as i put them on ,  the liner slipped and started to curl in . 
as soon as it arrived ,  i cleaned the bucket and put it in the freezer ,  and checked the parts . 
i make homemade yogurt almost every other day now . 
this is the first processor that i have owned and i am totally ecstatic with it . 
where i got them from seemed to play role . 
it takes some finesse to get the darn micro usb to fit into the kindle fire ,  but it does . 
i have tried to put tape but obviously it does not work . 
arrived on time ,  well packaged . i ordered tops and bottoms . 
i felt like i was going to pull my hair out . 
the case is handmade so there is some glue left around the case . 
they are easy to see and the safety factor is welcome . 
after cleaning it up with a small wire brush voltage tested at num_extend that s only a % charge . 
i do not know what i do not understand about buying pants but these fit so weird . 
i love these cases .  .  . i ve now had num_num because i am a little rough on them . 
she had pretty good results ,  sorry i can t say the same . 
one other thing i recommend is washing the white ring that holds everything together by hand . 
my eyeshadow doesn t go on very well when i put it on over it . 
i did not try this long enough to be able to state whether it works or not . 
an aspect i like is that it is heavy . 
hard to get off clean better put it where you want it the first time . 
i have some devices with blue leds that are annoyingly bright . 
the over the head piece is comfortable enough . 
 verizon kept adding features to my contract that i did not ask for ,  they are too big . 
this is small so it fits nicely in his lunch pack and it works great . 
yes it is expensive ,  but well worth it if you entertain . 
to be fair ,  most products don t work on me . 
best thing about it ?  i ll never have to buy another !  . 
it seemed older than all the orders of this item . 
world wide distributors says it s samsungs problem ,  since their num_num day warranty its expired and i m sol . 
this horrible ,  horrible  my opinion of course !   concealer . i am num_num and tend to look younger for my age . 
this does not lightening ,  even skin tone or anything . 
the graphics are poor and movement is archaic . 
i bought this item over two years ago and used it more than i thought i would . 
saves a lot of dish washing ,  works very well with strong motors . 
goes on nice ,  but didn t see any rejuvination . 
it never used to . i have stopped buying this brand completely now . 
i purchased this and found it to be a waste of money . 
maybe that s the problem ?  at any rate ,  it isn t working for him . 
once i returned it ,  i went to   .  .  .   and just sent it to them to replace . 
i really like how powerful this phone is . 
i suffered for about a half hour and tossed them into the trash . 
one of the most common tricks with dog food :  ingredient splitting so you can put meat products up front . 
it has a whang to it that is nasty . 
it s much sturdier than the nyx blush ,  and there s a lot of product ,  plus a small mirror . 
and no ,  i didnt even have to do it with a steamy shower running . 
rule of thumb is to move the decimal point over num_num spaces and add a $ dollar sign . 
thus far after a couple of weeks it it showing no wear and no air bubbles . 
well unfortunately ,  it didnt really do much for me . 
to sweep half of it up after each play session just makes me cringe . 
after reading the reviews here and around the web . 
it is highly recommended and i am telling everyone i know that has iphones about it . 
it is well made and designed to last . 
since the item was outside of amazon s exchange timeframe ,  i went to kensington and got a replacement . 
heated in cheese in micro num_num secs ,  drained ,  repeat until ready to num_extend
aside from that ,  it s exactly what i was looking for ,  cheap ,  light and efficient . 
that is a stupid mistake from engineer who design this bluetooth . 
otherwise ,  if you don t like to spend money wisely ,  this sp is for you . 
and the pictures of the meat and water bucket . 
the calories are very high and the product does not taste good . 
the mein changes in the character creattion screen are ,  in fact ,  not  implemented yet  or ever . 
i will be getting a second set soon !  . 
after a few moments ,  i forget i m wearing them . 
let me just tell you to install the disc ,  plug in the controller and wait . 
it puts a nice ,  clean ,  sharp edge on a knife . 
all of the flavors of connectors had a male adapter . 
these are the cheapest and thinnest  non balls  i have ever seen . 
they in fact did very little ,  if anything at all . 
don t buy this ,  you ll only wind up doing your nails all over again . 
it was used for about num_num minutes and then discarded . 
mine was well used and getting a little faded from the years of use . 
this is the best case i have found for verizon s new iphone num_extend
usually oxo products are fairly tough and durable ,  but not this one . 
one tip :  only put in a small amount at a time . 
my friend has the same one and she loves hers ,  too !  i recommend it to all of my customers . 
i could delete the songs ,  but not the file folder . 
this didn t work for me ,  or i used it wrong . 
i may try the real flaxseed oil or granules and see if i benefit from it . 
i thought i d like this tea but unfortunately ,  i was mistaken . 
i know my kids will enjoy this for years to come !  . 
i am afraid this product will dry out before i use it all . 
i tried the scoop and it releases quite well ,  keeping my hands far cleaner in the task . 
after some trial and error we found thefarberware classic yosemite stainless steel percolator . 
a great price would be $ and that would be what a usb cable is worth . 
the one problem that could of been avoided easily . 
it has a big brush and when putting it on i saw flakes fall . 
 :   i intend to buy more of these containers ,  by the way !   . 
i still can t understand why not ,  but trust me because of this you will get annoyed . 
i bought this maker after reading reviews on forums . 
the instruction manual has a table of recommended cooking times for specific results . 
just the occasional scrubdown with barkeeper s friend makes these babies shine like new . 
and this is from someone who likes tofu . 
it s not weak like a dust devil and it picks up great ,  including small stones ,  etc . 
i think it is among the finest in the world . 
but when i tried a bite i couldn t believe how unpleasant it was . 
the cheap material of the rubber seems very inferior and would not last very long . 
the small white plastic piece tends to fall out rather quickly . 
i don t think it was worth the money . 
my num_extend hardware version is as buggy as many others have noted ,  especially with wep enabled . 
memeory cards will become more and more versatile into the future and soon be used in countless devices . 
something to which i never quite got accustomed . 
so i am about to toss this food in the garbage ,  and i hate to waste food . 
i wonder how many countless gigabytes of data have been lost ?   . 
if you re not going to buy a panini grill machine ,  then this is the one to buy . 
pasta dries fairly quickly and is easy to brush out . 
a good price compared to what apple charges for this . 
dog hated it and i dont thin it really worked . 
i ve tried many other walden farms products and have liked several of them . 
i bought two of these soups and was disappointed in them . 
then after a few days ,  the white started getting dark and dingy looking . 
his  tickle spots  are buttons that really you have to push pretty good if you are a little kid . 
so easy to use ,  and it cuts below the can glue line . 
the radio did not pick up many stations and was hard to tune . 
given all the above ,  back it goes to amazon . 
the image shows a packaged screen protector with cleaning cloth . 
my phone battery lasts almost num_num days now without charging depending on how much i use it . 
also ,  no other skillet in the line was deep enough . 
while it doesn t offer as much protection as the otterbox does . 
all in all ,  this battery pack will serve your needs at a fine price and without bulk . 
beats spending $ in store !  the design looks good . 
all that was left after that was the seasoning . 
i just did not want to chance it . 
i bought this for friend in venezuela .  . i used to have it and they knew it was an awesome phone . 
i had enough at this point and chose to clean it to ship back . 
when i saw these measuring cups in the vine newsletter ,  i was delighted . 
after six months this particular soft rubber plastic begins to loosen . 
evidentially they have no ability to call people back . 
used it to cut chicken wings and it went through them like butter . 
then simply place it in the cuisinart and turn on . 
i dropped my phone and got a crack in the glass . 
the ending is lame ,  it an advertisement for the next game !  !  !  !  !  a to be continued !  !  !  its an outrage !  grrrrr . 
the num_num lame moves don t even look real either . 
it s excellent on my hard floors especially as i have less furniture . 
we were always trying to find a place on the windshield where it wouldn t block our view driving . 
i m thrilled to be able to retract the cord so it doesn t bend and break . 
i ve had these headphones for the last two years and they have been great . 
i forgot about the circle opening at the bottom that would have to be cut . 
i found it hard to clean without the tool it came with . 
purchased from a local sony shop ,  christmas ,  num_extend
i must say that the grayish metal color didn t come off during my meringue ,  it was nice and white . 
it seems to move backwards fine ,  but going forwards is a different story . 
if you really try to do anything without grasping it with two hands ,  it will come off the fridge . 
it instead syncs directly from your itunes library folders . 
they need to come up with a better design . 
these harbinger bars are overly lightweight ,  poorly manufactured and unstable . 
this had a rubbery feel and grip to the screen that i didn t like . 
the hardwre is not sized correctly for the unit and the shaft is wearing out . 
like most oxo products ,  these are very well made . 
the little windows seem to have a really good seal . i would definitely buy these again at amazon s price . 
it took me a few tries but be patient . it s a great protector ,  though . 
the design is nice and simple and there is a good weight to each glass . 
however ,  the teeth bend very easily ,  leaving a gap between the scoops ,  which makes picking up poop a challenge . 
they ve got really friendly customer service ,  but no one available could provide me with that information . 
shine this will give you ,  not so sure i like the smell though . 
healthy shouldn t have to taste like wartime rations ,  not in this day and age . 
after the batteries were in place i found it to be almost impossible to replace the plastic plug . 
the sea salt flavor is nice ,  delicate ,  easy to eat . 
there is a charging light which is red when charging and green when the battery is full . 
but this batch doesn t want to melt into hot water or coffee . 
the rail attachment is too small for the flashlight . 
the only thing i recommend is not to over fill your sandwich . 
it keeps the fondue at an even temp and the splash guard protects you from oil burns . 
what a unique solution to a common problem . 
however ,  they tend to slip out ,  and are uncomfortable . 
i have been using it for about num_num months with no problems . 
the impressive blade does an excellent job of grinding even to the point of powder should you desire . 
that being said ,  the cats were okay with it . 
it holds a great edge and slices effortlessly . 
at first it frothed too much ,  so we had to adjust the usage to make it just right . 
this thing actually performed worse than the antenna that came with the wireless card . 
i had some concern about scratching some of my screens with the pogo stylus . 
i ordered this item from amazon . com in the expectation that it would arrive promptly and in good shape . 
this pan takes the work out of making scones . 
apparently due to enviromental concerns the previous generation used a different battery that lasted forever . 
i was a bit concerned that it would be too bulky ,  but those concerns were unfounded . 
only down side is that it is a little bulky . 
at least it doesn t throw up an error message because i am using ios num_extend
she did not thinkj i could beat targets  price on amazon . 
this is perfect for two people or a couple just starting out . 
all you pay for is shipping which is about $ per spice packet ordered . 
i would recommend this product for anyone that keeps their phone on silent at work . 
i have a delonghi num_extend and the smaller size fits very nicely for tamping . 
i sized up to a num_extend hoping the width would suffice ,  but alas that was not the case . 
just sushi ,  mongolian beef or kung pao ,  et . al . 
i tried a num_extend external sata drive with the usb host cable but it didn t work . 
then i thought about this little beauty and decided it was time to get another one . 
i put the blender end in the dish washer and everything comes out nice and sanitized . 
the screws on the top are are bright and shiny ,  no attempt to camouflage them . 
i bought them for a fifth wheel landing gear pad and they are slippery and small . 
maybe a little longer then like a gulf pencil . 
never fill tot he top of the filter and walk away !  . 
and a couple of bruder ones which haven t even faded ,  tho one did break a small part . 
no cracking or loosening or trouble of any type . 
apple seeds have arsenic and ground up ,  it gets in you system . 
i was not to excited about using a grater on my feet ,  as i thought it could be dangerous . 
it was a depressing ending to a strange game . 
fine on speaker phone . i called the jawbone people and they said to fax them my receipt . 
finally i called the company cap barbell ,  noone answers the phone ever . 
instead ,  trash the installation cd rom and download sonicstage num_extend from sony s web site  connect . com  . 
my dog would not walk in this no matter what we tried . 
boo boo boo at kidkraft for making an easel like this !  !  !  . 
you had to lift the element up  while hot  and try and clear the mess . 
the blue starts with fish ,  then goes down to better choices like peas and oatmeal . 
i use them when driving and at the gym . 
this is a cute little version of the larger bodum french presses . generally ,  a good design . 
then i tried it on gravel it only caused a mess without sucking in anything . 
i wish i searched and found this earlier !  !  ! pros : very good price . 
i received this case after looking for one for three months . 
i love the idea ,  and when it s functioning it s fantastic . 
since i didn t buy them from amazon ,  returning them will be a real nuisance . 
what the heck ?  after about a week the replacement blade was dull . 
old battery seemed to be losing power quickly . 
and a num_num ounce tall glass of water or diluted juice is what we all need . 
it s two pieces ,  front and back ,  and is easy to apply ,  but harder to remove . 
the downside is i really didn t need a cord that long . 
even my hunting knives get the best treatment now . 
they are nice and doing the job as intended . 
but the pen clip adapter is the common link to charge the headset . 
i already knew what i was going to be told . 
and  not effective  in rural areas where deer density is high ,  and damage is extreme and frequent . 
i use the first one to grind my almonds everyday . 
it took me num_num minutes to pick the pieces from the grids . 
i m going back to jergens daily glow to get my tan on . 
well the motorola photon would not charge when connected . 
we live in the world with germs every day not in a bubble or microprocessing manufacturing plant . 
i use them almost every day ,  and these have held up to the dishwasher and constant use . 
overall ,  i m glad i bought it ,  and it was worth the $
messing with cereal boxes is such a pain . 
i bought this because it was recommend as a best buy in a consumer reports magazine . 
num_num without much knowledge of making pizzelles . i ve used it several times and it has worked nicely . 
i tried this pen out and ended up returning it . 
most annoying is the button on the front is so sensitive it constantly pocket calls people . 
i think the time it broke was maybe the third time i changed the airline . 
and this stand need to use the bottom bracket to hold the bike in place . 
it can stand the abuse of a commercial kitchen . 
this is the version that comes with the charger and the usb cable . 
this plush was for some reason  over stuffed  her mom took out a little stuffing as we played on . 
therefore i am digging the end out of the toy . 
but this case looks really nice on the phone . 
and quite frankly ,  caesar ii was more fun . 
the game won t let you escape an area without killing ,  so there goes the stealth aspect . 
it quickly cuts the apple into slices and removes the core . 
i feel like there is a disco going on when they are in use . 
they may have actually updated the photo now .  i use msm to clear up acne marks . 
i like the idea of the smooth side and the notched side ,  all in one . 
he still will attack my other cat any chance he gets and we need to keep them separated . 
the one moving part on the unit and it was faulty . 
finally ,  she tells me to contact the manufacturer of my phone  samsung  for troubleshooting assistance . 
worked great for the first month and num_num days  we bought two ,  btw  . 
the keep up is easily done with the special oil that i would recommend buying . 
best case by far and you can t find a better deal . 
my wife grind more to remove the stains ,  wearing down the glaze faster . 
at least on my tub ,  it won t work . 
the largest one will hold a num_num pound sack of sugar ,  but not flour . 
this was my third or fourth item to put a protective screen on . 
i m not sure why this grinder works so much better than similar items but it does . 
i always have triable keeping my phone from moving when in my sports car . 
we bought this so that we could have an unbreakable french press . 
i have played many adventure games and scratches has to be one of the most boring ever . 
the cream is more oil based ,  which does not work well with anyone who has problems with oily skin . 
i have to take the case off to charge my phone !  . 
getting the two different colors is a nice touch and they feel solidly constructed . 
the plastic is so flimsy i ve had packaging made of thicker stuff . 
great battery works well with my lg num_num cellphone . 
great size ,  well made ,  sturdy ,  and even looks nice . 
it s poison !  !  no wonder i was feeling awful . 
whenever i tell people i got a shock collar for my dog ,  some of them become livid . 
i m not really sure what the practicality of the lid is . 
this thing is absolutely great !  i love that i have a tub that fills up all the way now . 
i recommend using something like pure shea butter to even skin instead of this . 
i swear im not buying this flavor again ,  nor would i recommend it . 
i had a tough time with the smell of this . 
there is little resemblance to the original game . 
i had looked forward to this game for months . 
but i will thank them for giving us three weapon choices  telescope stick ,  and the maul to name two  . 
the bowl locks in place which is great ,  no need to hold the bowl in place . 
june bride ,  vegas nights and water field have plenty of glitter but not this one . 
i figured i would give this one a shot . 
bluetooth was easy to setup and no complains to date . 
omg !  !  !  they stuck together !  !  !  the floats now look bad !  the coating has come away ,  after pulling them apart . 
only things is it s hard to clean and looks bad where it is handled most . 
in theory ,  this is a great zooble collection case . 
not a big problem here ,  i can hear others just fine . 
oh yeah ,  there this sunday drive thing which is picking and dropping people off with no time limit . 
very cool and stylish case for my iphone . 
it leaves my hair stiff and tangled after rinsing . 
someone i know tried to use it for cocktails and ended up breaking it . 
finding it in amazon was a blessing ,  i just love it . 
we have a num_num year old mixed breed dog who weighs about num_num pounds on good days . 
i needed a detangler ,  but this stuff was completely useless on my hair . 
they asked me when and where did i purchase the unit . 
just perfect for my holiday baking and candy . 
they were the best pork chops we ve ever grilled ,  including those grilled on our bbq . 
nothing is better for creating a stock in no time flat than a pressure cooker . 
the though of an num_extend camera was great since i utilize num_extend and g within my house . 
if i d had to use this when i had my kids . 
pour psyllium fiber into a glass and let it sit for five minutes . 
i could never go to the menu when my remotes stopped working . 
the stoppers have a removable top to help with the cleaning process . 
after trying this one ,  however ,  i m not sure i ll be buying any of the others . 
the craftsmanship is obviously inferior to the percolator i owned for num_num years . 
it is not even the same model number as this sale page indicates . 
and i d say both units have stainless steel construction of equally high quality . 
i remember these from when i was a kid . 
in this case it s definitely you get what you pay for . out of the shipping box the powder was everywhere . 
the stainless steel is very sturdy ,  and the measurement is very accurate . 
save your money and do your part by living sustainably . 
which is just about everywhere you go . please note i purchased this from amazon not a num_extend party . 
monster may be a great company with other products ,  but this product was a flop . 
it might be better mix in a muffin batter or tossed in some oatmeal ,  but i didn t even try . 
my acne did go down a little ,  but the bumps of the new and old were still there . 
this is a fantastic app and i don t use my golauncher screen much any more . also ,  there s one physical button . 
i have a white iphone num_num and this screen makes my phone look like a black iphone num_extend
not sure if that s why it lives so long . 
the eyeliner liquid itself is watery ,  translucent ,  and the tip is not sturdy enough for my liking . 
the controls are clunky and shooting is jerky and unresponsive . 
it s also good if you don t have the strongest hand grip in the world ,  too . 
i highly recommend this grinder for flax seeds ,  no idea about coffee or other things ,  just flax seeds . 
ky yours and mine ,  imho ,  has too much unnecessary junk in it . 
this has changed my morning coffee routine forever . 
however most of my cake recipiets say to use spray .  .  . then i stuck . 
i particularly like to fact that the top is large and allows one to see what is happening inside . 
the texture is not as smooth as their competitor . 
they do not really sanitize although you could probably put a couple drops of bleach in the water . 
i get many compliments on it as well . 
there is a circular ring at the bottom about and inch and a half wide that makes contact . 
i have many sets of dishes :  these are the ones i use . 
if you want a mechanical buy an orient diver ,  is a lot better than this seiko diver . 
oh ,  last but certainly not least :  it is still quality made in the good old usofa . 
i paid $ for socks that after once a week wear over num_num months developed holes in both heels . 
very disappointed in that but don t feel like going through the exchanging process . 
through vine this was my opportunity . for me there were some problems . 
flavor only lasts a couple of minutes; much less than the other flavors . 
can be used for a lot of other things as well . 
because it is removable ,  it will sometimes fall off during use . 
this is critical for the jawbone to figure out what you are saying versus outside noise . 
i love how the orange rind comes of in spaghetti like strands . 
this is supposed to be a good action rpg game . 
like the gap between the iphone and the case has oil in it . 
neither of my puppies really liked this flavor of treat . 
after each use ,  it is a bit red ,  but it doesn t last long . 
i have returned this and ordered the speck case . 
this is a lovely tool if your avocado falls within a a certain size . 
this is particularly unfortunate because belkin usually turns out good products . 
order came on time ,  shoe size that wassent was w wide  instead of m  medium  . 
i use it every day that i am home . january num_num going strong !  !  !  . 
i have about num_num title in my database . i have loaded all of the software and firmware updates released . 
it is very coarse ,  which i do not like for face . 
i have used a droid razr ,  droid razr maxx and now the num_extend
i ve used it on a num_num inch cake too and it worked well . 
there was a difference in the battery life ,  sometimes the bar would be short and sometimes substantially longer . 
ultimately ,  after num_num months of attempts , this brush found itself in the trash . 
using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device . 
although my phone did feel like a tank inside this beast of a case ,  it just wasn t for me . 
even though the phone was just over a year old ,  i figured the problem might be the battery . 
i chose this due to its color and pricing . 
i love to get myself some fun tools . 
i just clean with dish washing liquid and a soft brush . 
i don t like my lashes to look thick and coated and this stuff does that . 
i was so excited about this product based on all the fabulous reviews . 
it saves time and money !  who need starbucks ?  not me !  . 
and will likely add better products than this kit provides . 
initially ,  i tried to vacuum this up with an old eureka vacuum  my  downstairs  vacuum  . 
weird after taste and the smell is awful . 
if you have really long ear buds this might actually be a little too small . 
i d rate this oven as a good buy . 
after about num_num uses the charger shorted out and ruined a battery . 
in other words ,  there are less expensive supplements like this on the market . 
i loved this product when i first used it . 
mine has survived two falls and still looks pretty good . 
 i always empty all my food products into glass containers for storage  . 
i really liked this product i got it because it was the easiest to use . 
these made me extremely thirsty and i just didn t care for the taste at all . 
to a proper temperature in num_num minutes as it said . 
it feels a little lose ,  but the price is great . 
this product would be rated at least a four if it didn t break so quickly . 
in the past num_num to num_num years i went through three coffee grinders ,  two cuisinart and one bodum . 
i m not saying it wouldn t work for someone else but it didn t work for me . 
and the choice of books and apps is poor compared to kindle . 
 probably a good recommendation to enhance filter life anyway  . then there is clean up . 
i have acquired a nasty habit of doing that with my amazon purchases . 
i got that paper towel tip from another amazon reviewer . 
two words :  it sucks !  !  i sold mine on ebay and got some money back . 
i would not purchase one of these in the future . 
nissan claims its a num_extend bottle but num_extend is over filling it . 
num_num do not stop beeping and keep spraying . 
unfortunately ,  i found them very difficult to put on his feet . 
nothing is wrong with the first ,  he just wanted a backup . 
would not recommend this product for experienced makeup artists . 
i will probably not spend this much money on a coffee pot with such a sad decline . 
i picked this up several years ago in the kitchenetc store and absolutely love it . 
she and her husband have raved about them . 
i have installed several screen protectors previously and never was advised to wait an . 
so that kind of stunk but oh well . 
i am now using it to make pots of green tea i can drink all day . 
have to admit i have oily ,  older skin  hey ,  it s in good shape  . 
my husband is a coffee drinker and i like iced coffee but it never tasted the same . 
took it to a sprint store and they couldn t get one on well either . 
i have owned my maverick digital candy thermometer for about num_num years . 
i expect that the case will perform well and as intended . 
oh well ,  nothing ventured ,  nothing gained ,  but i would not recommend this product !  . 
if you are looking for a simple but effective juicer this is the one . 
i have two large labs and keeping their yard ready for play has never been easier . 
honestly ,  the dora cartoon is one of my least favorites . 
helps keeping the mess to the minimun and holds a few utensils not just one like many others . 
maybe you could use for a sandwich in a backpack . 
my company provides coffee ,  but it really isn t the best . 
it is no longer the bargain it used to be . 
this model i ve been using for about num_num or num_num years . 
my pixi+ stays charged the entire day at work sitting on the dock when i m not using it . 
i ordered this screen for my phone because mine was badly cracked . 
buyer beware !  the picture shows num_num figurines ,  all different except the hair color . 
so far ,  this toaster seems more robust in design . 
the sonix case fits the ipod num_extend perfectly; snaps on securely ,  all ports are easily accessible ,  nice snug fit . 
this happened a lot when i had to repeat whole battles over and over . 
one developed pitted marks after the first use . 
the case i recieved was not this color displayed . 
i simply threw this one away instead of returning it . 
i wouldn t call it a steamvac though as it does not generate any steam or heat . 
it way squeezing my stomach ,  ribs ,  and back horribly . 
with the cutting guide inside the keeper ,  it will help to avoid that . 
the type of filter it uses is another irritation . 
it does what its supposed to ,  but when i flip it ,  it leaks a little . 
we have to actually slice the bread and place a few slices on the side of the loaf . 
this product does what it is supposed to do . 
i absolutely loved this product so much that i am now buying them as gifts for everyone i know . 
i m not at all impressed with this product and don t recommend it . 
if you just want taste though ,  then you ll be pleased . 
i m thinking it would probably be better for someone much younger . 
i asked for a supervisor ,  and was of course ,  somehow was disconnected . 
my whole pack got wet and this case kept my phone dry . 
it s just the right size and i can just plop it in the dishwasher when it s dirty . 
this works very well to establish a bluetooth connection and has a convenient usb charging outlet as well . 
this looks soft in the picture ,  but i found it to be heavy ,  stiff and crackly . 
it is suppose to be a privacy screen for your phone but it s kind of a pain . 
has a lot of small parts so becareful if you have small toddlers . 
my teeth did not feel any cleaner than with a normal toothbrush . 
i could not note any significant difference between flavors . 
just lift up the pad and peel away the cookies . 
after apple launched the new iphone num_num i find out that it pull more energy . 
this item is cheaply priced ,  therefore the quality of this case is also cheap . 
tested with a digital camera and a usb flash drive . 
i pray they make this product for the num_num soon !  . 
when this pan was new it was a work of art . 
if you are a casual rider ,  looking for a little added support ,  these may be fine . 
just make a few extra batches and freeze it for later . 
it s just too fragile and not even much fun . 
i still have these and also ordered another pack for when i need to replace the original three . 
wrap a coffee filter around bottom of the screen ,  and press . 
but it didn t work for me at all . 
i only needed it for about num_num pairs . 
my back side was already beginning to get a little sore . 
you just stick to driving around in cars . 
no cutting which is the biggest thing i like . 
it also holds a large dish of anything i want to serve . 
i have bad candida ,  to the point where i can see yeast in my bowel movements . 
well you may so but its just a peeler how could ,  it be better then any other . 
the only difference between the two is the tractor supply baffle is a solid gray instead of clear . 
i tried the discs in  another  player and they worked fine . 
i had mine for num_num years and it recently broke . 
you can get to the power switch and the headphone jack while the phone is in the case . 
my battery life drains pretty quickly ,  although normally i do make it through the day . 
they are very heavy chewers and nothing lasts very long . 
this isn t like other cuisinart products i ve owned . 
i ended up donating mine to goodwill after a week of failed attempts at styles . 
mailed in a timely manner the other parts matched the cell only num_num of the num_num did not fit . 
this knife slices right through the hardest bread . 
this is actual jawbone earbuds and hook ,  not a cheap knock off . 
goodbye grungy baking sheets !  this mat is the best . 
i use it a couple of times a month and couldn t be happier with the performance . 
they ve really gone overboard this time ,  and the game is going back immediately . 
i will ,  however ,  state that bloodlines is a far better game than this . 
i purchased this one because it is an in between size . 
would recommend to anyone who is looking for a case . 
it s also made in malaysia . so ,  what do we have here ?  it s a very spacious ,  num_num ounce thermos . 
they stretchout when you try to peel away the paper ,  even when following their owndirections exactly . 
the thumb press broke  it s plastic  after light use . 
the nutritional profile of the brown rice isn t even that great . 
i wish this grill pan was larger but that would also make it heavier . 
it wasn t delivered until november !  thank goodness it s so cheap or i d be really angry . 
our family did a little taste test of three brands  we hope to do more in the future ,  lol  . 
i faxed it five num_extend times and they didn t get it . 
my son went through num_num pairs in a month . 
they had no or limited ability to help me . 
she seems to want to go meet the new dog before i get there . 
the number of apps i have found are amazing .  .  . and best of all :  most are free . 
its correct size for straining tea and i like the shape of the strainer . 
i made the mistake of just glancing over the reviews . 
finally after num_num hours i threw the instructions on the floor and came out to write this . 
the help of youtube how to videos is recommended !  . 
however ,  the texture is too soft to make it through shipping . 
you must spend something like num_num hours to beat it without a walkthrough . 
i was hoping to use it to clean gunk after i do a cleaning of the tank . 
mine is arriving shortly and i will update this when i know if that makes a difference . 
they determined the handle was malfunctioning and sent out a new one . 
my wife uses this little guy almost every day . 
just what we needed for our vacuum cleaner . 
this one was a lot shorter than that . 
this happened on more than one occassion and was extremely frustrating . 
i love the fact that you can turn off the roller to do the fringed rugs and floors . 
i just bought two more and they are not at all the same pant . 
this may ,  in fact ,  turn out to be a dealbreaker for me . 
in my opinion the skin care business is a complete racket . 
but ,  its exactly like all other automatic coffee makers i ve had . 
amazing brush ,  just like the oxo bottle brush !  . 
great screen protectors that go on well and provide that traction you need on your iphone for frequent use . 
the top has an indicator that tells you when you need to replace the filter . 
i m not talking about iheart or another streaming product ,  those use data . 
or there is always a little microplane grater at a much lower price ,  which works wonderfully . 
i ve gone through so many anodized aluminum pots and pans and teflon coated pots and pans ,  etc . 
it has performed extremely well in the car . 
i love otterbox covers but it is a pain to plug in the charging cable . 
this is not a case for a florida summer . 
it simply does not cut it at this price . 
this is my second set of wusthof grand prix . 
i can blow harder than this thing can . 
the click ,  lock and go cover is a good idea though . 
hard to read  defeats the purpose if you can t tell the num_extend
instructions tell you how many coals and how to place them to get various oven temps . 
that are better as stocking stuffers than as a gift such as a birthday gift . 
i was hoping the silverstone fans  crap  that i got with the case were more loud . 
i even have had sarah jessica parkers other scent dawn . 
this one actually had me wishing i could go home and change . 
however ,  from the first camping trip i was not a fan . 
i ve had my two num_num gallon vornados about num_num months and am very happy with them . 
the blender is new ,  so haven t used spares yet ,  but glad i got them !  yea for milkshakes !  . 
in my case ,  the original batteries lasted num_num years . 
i should have just gotten the same one in the first place . 
as far as driving games go ,  test drive offers nothing particularly compelling . 
nothing like teaching your kid something that isn t true . 
it covered my screen and back perfectly  when applied correctly  . 
we are first time pressure cookers !  just received this and immediately put it to use making oxtail soup . 
the complete brew had a lot of body with robust flavor ,  like a great americano . b  one chemex filter . 
i only wish there was a way to take it apart to clean . 
i have a check engine light on ,  code num_extend i believe on my chevy truck . 
the wii and num_extend both have failure rates of less than %
i make it without the ice that is instructs you to put in . 
i purchased it since it was made by sony . 
it s still no betty crocker or hershey s chocolate ,  but it grows on you . 
i bought these since my wife drops crumbs a lot which isn t great for a couch . 
these look much better in person than the picture suggests . 
works just as good if not better than ones that cost two or three time as much . 
i felt that it was a little difficult to understand the directions when putting the pieces together . 
i love it and would recommend to anyone that is wanting to bake for thanksgiving or christmas . 
they did not remain in place properly to create good suction and were a bit too thick . 
i didn t think i needed another sized scoop ,  but boy was i wrong . 
unless you get something motorized this is as good as i can imagine . 
it is fantastic once you get past the assembly . 
it is hard to find a good badminton set now days . 
we pretty much try for amazon prime shipping  which this had  . 
i got it to work and it ran great for about three months . 
however it was not compatible with the phone ,  because it did not work at all !  . 
many of the bike harnesses were quite expensive and the cheap ones didn t look very secure . 
your first question is what other headsets am i comparing this to . 
it can do this as a result of its boxy num_extend
it protects the phone really well in the leather case . 
i also move it from my living room to my bedroom each night . 
i am very disappointed !  this product used to be worth the extra $ i paid ,  but no more . 
i have had many of the others listed here and have had no problem with them . 
its very hard to use based on the instruction on the item . 
its not much better than a dried up paper towel compressed into i little disk . 
this is a great looking coaster holder that really looks great in the house . 
this coupler starter cracking at the outside edge the very first time i used it . 
it s slim ,  while providing maximum protection to the iphone . 
his phone does provide power and thumb drives mount no problem . 
i took a risk from jumping from the iphone num_extend to the evo . 
the most was a little over two hours . 
it s beautiful clean shine and shiny little dents add a lot of class for something so basic . 
it is very durable and surprisingly heavy duty for not being so heavy . 
i found these to be highly uncomfortable and ugly as well . 
i tried it twice and didn t get any better . 
ugh this foxy curls was a waste of money . 
it just doesn t stay on long enough to work !  it needs to be bigger with more elastic . 
at first this scent is the most gorgous smell ive ever smelled ,  than after that ,  run for cover . 
i tried it on and it still hangs in my closet ,  i will never wear it !  . 
a vacuum with a  revolutionary  system that does not allow it lose suction as it fills with dirt . 
i really wish that this had a fresher citrus scent . 
after a few months ,  the left ear phone stopped working . 
i use this almost daily !  always make consistent ,  great popcorn . 
this did a great job of pulverizing our herbs . 
i used it as a small mixing bowl . 
i was really excited to try the wave artist . 
it s a screen protector and when you re iphone is in sleep ,  you can use it as a mirror . 
i tried for a couple of days and returned it . 
i was using the headset with a samsung galaxy sii skyrocket  android  . 
this is an awful pair of wireless headphones ever . 
he tried it first day num_num min then a big no !  !  !  . 
they potentially had something so good in this game . the scenarios . 
lasted a couple of days until the dog peeled the cover off . 
delivery was a little slower than i anticipated but after contacting the seller ,  i understood the delay . 
 see link below  i have one of these . 
the set width is just fine for my needs . 
so i bought a lanyard and i haven t lost a bt yet . 
will try with a cake and get back to you . 
it beeps when it has reached the appropriate temperature  heating or cooling  . 
for that reason alone ,  i opted for earbuds ,  for easy removal . 
buy a refill pack . also ,  pull down when removing . 
the shipping was quick enuff so no complaints there and the items description was pretty much as described . 
this is the best travel juicer for putting in your luggage to take on a plane . 
i like the fact that it is internal since i dont have a sump ,  so no overflow worries . 
i need what i cook in to be washed . 
the ground coffee container is way too small . 
i much prefer the jolly time kettle corn flavor . 
this is fine for egg whites but it is way too fast for powder things . 
i have light gray carpet throughout my house that is constantly getting dirty . 
john frieda s fly away tamer does the best job on this one . 
my previous processor was a kitchenaid ,  and these problems didn t exist on it . 
it doesn t fit like the wocoal or natori num_extend bras i purchased at nordstrom . 
i think i ve been compelled to write only num_num or num_num reviews . 
the buttons are a little further apart and are more easily distinguishable . 
item arrived quickly and packaged well ,  and the price was good . 
if you buy one piece ,  you ll definitely fall in love ,  and want to buy more . 
the problem is that it is all absolutely ruined by the other driver ai . 
work fantastic flipping anything over such as chicken ,  meat .  .  . it is simply wonderful to have . 
would have given num_num standard but the description is not correct but the product works wonderfully . 
honestly ,  read the packets of your microwave popcorn . 
the pan is heavier than wilton cake pan and less expensive . 
this opener easily clamps on to the can . 
but starting out with warm water makes a big difference in how the dough rises . 
plugged it in to the mac book and tv and it was recognized immediately by both . 
okay ,  some things should collapse ,  such as beach chairs and tripods . 
i found the cloth skin in the hallway and the plastic inners in two different rooms . 
it s not sticky like most rubber cases so it slides in and out of my pocket easily . 
so sold on this i have recommended it over and over to friends . 
this perfectly portable usb micro cord is num_num inches from end to end when fully extended . 
it came with the otterbox holster ,  but mine hooks on my belt and totally covers my phone . 
thought it was suitable for a kid to use but seems it s not built for that . 
i wear mine everyday and almost all day . 
if you try to quickly jam the phone into place ,  yes .  . it becomes flimsy and unsecure . 
when i would go to pick up after one use they would drip all over my floors still . 
after a day and a half it quit on me this morning . 
it s actually quite sturdy and while it s made to be used on a table top it s not tiny . 
in additionto being as rough as boar hair ,  they also shed and get messy . 
also charges itself though a bit more slowly from indoor lighting . 
it s pretty but we had to break it to get it off the iphone . 
so now ,  i keep my storm easily recharged by inserting the phone into the pods when not in use . 
if you ve had an otterbox ,  it looks like the rest ,  you re sacrificing appearance and size for protection . 
that just won t fly for a power gamer like me . fail . 
much faster than the box grater it replaced and easier to handle as well . 
my goal was to improve my boy s condition through diet ,  not put him in the hospital . 
this is a well designed product which comes with multiple capabilities . 
this coffee grinder is an example of their commitment to quality . 
this phone doesn t ,  and that s lame . too big :  the one problem i can t get past is the size . 
otherwise it boils water fast and we have had our since oct . 
it was just the right size for him . 
easy to use and has num_num size tops to fit more machines . 
this silicon gasket fits perfect in my fagor pressure cooker . 
these are thermophilic yogurts ,  and require incubation at num_extend or very close . 
great design while retaining the excellent cooking features of the earlier model . 
certainly a bit of an exaggeration ,  but compared to my shuns ,  that s pretty much the truth . 
when this pair eventually wares out ,  i ll probably look to acquire another . 
i got spray all over the baker and cooked it on . 
much better sound than this device but less than half the battery life . 
some coffee fans think it s the worst thing you can ever do to coffee . 
nice clean way to dress up cables both in the house and in the car . 
plus libbey is a good american made brand !  yay !  . 
this is my third num_extend and i love it . 
i wrote a previous review and gave this five stars . 
this is just a flat out horrible game . 
mishandling a device when connected ,  or worse ,  dropping it can snap it off completely . 
i returned this scam product !  don t buy this if you expect num_extend
since i have a new wool carpet ,  the bissell brushes would get jammed with lint very quickly . 
i wish they had this in better colors as well . 
the num_extend set seems to be holding up fine . 
the first issue i had was with the smell ,  which was hinting at being rancid . 
i got one hour and a half less after a year . 
bought it as a gift and parents love it . 
its pretty easy to install it just watch the vid num_extend
mtx fender does not fit the explorer rack by topeak nor the mtx trunk system . 
these did not fit on the stomp rocket . 
i started searching the web for answers and found out that everyone with this version is having problems . 
these are exactly what i needed and wanted . 
the first level of the first real movie in which your basically like dukes of hazards is tremendously hard . 
it easily outclasses anything in its price range ,  and matches machines costing num_num times as much . 
i could not understand why they stopped making it a couple years ago . 
the delivery was fast which i always appreciate . 
i d recommend smaller ,  chewable toys like the naturals mice instead . 
i like the smaller size since it is more kid friendly . 
the upgrade system you use for your equipment is also fundamentally broken . 
i may consider buying an upgrade version if it is made with that said locking feature for hard cornering . 
even worse than medicines i have to take and can t stand . 
i had to use more to get enough lather ,  more than twice as much as num_extend
with in an hour there is a big puddle under it . 
follow the instructions and you won t have any problems . 
as the game progressed though ,  and the number of units increased ,  all of the above made their gradual appearance . 
i find the the unit works well at home with a sophisticated receiver . 
if you re looking for bose sound quality this probably isn t for you . 
i purchased this coffee maker to replace the one i d been using for the past five years . 
i love how colorful they are and use them almost daily . 
i assume it will stretch a bit with use which will make is easier to use . 
sweet !  my hand strength isn t the best ,  so this is a real boon to me . 
this piece of equipment will only accept num_extend dd disks for the project info . 
i think maybe these were just old and too hard for the pup to enjoy . 
well the anti glare allows me to use it outside without the glare and with my dark sunglasses on . 
i didn t really notice much of a difference while taking this stuff . 
it fits perfectly . the best news ,  now half of camera shots aren t blurry ,  i can actually see the whole picture . 
weaving in and out of traffic at high speed is almost impossible with some of the vehicles . 
the blade was not very sharp out of the box . 
the phase change occurs at a temperature below the freezing point of ice cream . 
i use it for one or two cups a day . 
i bought these to make the summer oatmeal recipe in and store over nite in the fridge . 
seemed to make me more stressed out and not allow me to deal with stress well . 
my puppy had a hole chewed in it and was chewing on a piece of plastic . 
but it makes measuring cookies ,  meatballs ,  etc so much easier . 
we put the second one on the refrigerator next to the stove . 
if you have one of the small units you should not have any problems . 
makes a great gift and will go well with any kitchen . 
i gave this to my golden retriever puppy when she was teething . 
now if your looking for a midsized camp pot . 
it was cancelled by the seller as they ran out of stock . 
wmf profi plus gadgets are all made very well and they are strong and durable . 
at first it performed well ,  despite the limited size assortment of sauce pans in the titanium classic line . 
pour as much mangria as you like ,  then top with a splash of  good  orange juice .  .  . happy times ensue  :   . 
the lemoncello is still steeping away ,  so the size and shap are perfect for those needs . 
leastways ,  not with my network and windows vista . 
and it wasn t even the part i was most worried about  the somewhat flimsy feeling plastic shell  . 
it would ve kept the ferrets from digging at the carpet if i could have used it . 
it is so comfortable you would forget you are wearing it . 
i have never had a problem when the one i had in the past or with this unit . 
just that oils  oxidize  in the open air . 
you simply tap the large easy to find and handle jog dial with your left hand . 
sure wish more pans were this sturdy !  ! highly recommend !  !  !  . 
expensive ,  yes ,  but i d gladly spend the money again for another . 
lol i guess alot of years have passed . 
this of course ,  can be dependent on your network . 
this bag is a great size and very sturdy . 
now there s more room in my utensil drawer . 
if you must have fresh squeezed ,  then this is the tool . 
none of the holes line up ,  camera slot ,  stylis port etc . 
i didn t even bother cleaning it ,  just returned the item . 
but it does the job for a crowd . 
at first i thought it might be too hot to use but it wasn t . 
powder dry shampoo may be another option ,  but i haven t tried that one yet . 
these function really well ,  fit great ,  last for a good period of time without charging . 
my only gripe with this item is the plastic knob on the top of the lid . 
clean up is a breeze if i do not let the potato dry on the ricer . 
the phone has been dropped a couple times and remained safe . 
i could have gotten a lot cheaper set but wanted quality . 
the smell and texture weren t very appealing either . 
i want to be completely satisfied with my purchase . 
i can t imagine attempting to remove a splinter . 
the reason for purchase was to try this bizarre looking product . 
meanwhile ,  num_num stars for good appearance ,  price and free delivery . 
the directions said for extra effect ,  leave a little on as a leave in conditioner . 
you get what you pay for ,  i guess . 
the brackets are plastic and wouldn t stay in place . 
it has performed fabulously for my husband and me . 
don t use really course coffee ,  the water will shoot out of the pot . 
because of those comment ,  i tend to handle my steam containers carefully . 
no major deal killer ,  but it is rather light . 
i was wondering why there was only num_num servings in this num_extend bag . 
one star is given for the first month while this battery was working normally . 
i got this in chrome ,  and it holds all of my oversized coffee mugs perfectly fine . 
it comes with num_num small labels to avoid leaving finger prints . 
i noticed that the knob was not fully set at cappuccino . 
it does not do a quick charge but it keeps them running . 
it s a magic marker for eyes that isn t as flexible as the photo provided would lead one to believe . 
my husband broke the tip off of the one i had . 
i purchased these graduated cutters sometime ago and i must say they get quite a work out . 
only reason it gets two stars is because it covers the phone . 
i have a belkin on my phone and own several others . 
the num_num does have better isolation due to enclosed design . 
and sprinkling raw oatmeal flakes on the top of these things is really unnecessary . 
i often swung my sword and cast spells just to the left or right of where my enemy stood . 
the case fit perfectly on my phone with no problems . 
i just can t say enough good things about it . 
this is a great little pot with tons of versatility and durability . 
this scaler makes quick work of any fish . 
drained the battery until the iphone shuts off automatically  by playing music ,  videos ,  games ,  making phone calls ,  num_extend
while it will charge ,  it simply won t connect to the computer via usb . 
i can have this entire unit cleaned ,  dried and put back together in a matter of a couple minutes . 
the price was the best that i found on line . 
i have tried everything to calm my num_num month old beagle . 
i d much rather swallow a tablet with the same things in it than to drink this fizz . 
i needed a second knife bar to hold the rest of my knife set and this one is perfect !  . 
blizzard rolled up both these features in diablo ii in much improved form . 
they put up to a lot of abuse ,  and honestly ,  i recommend them to all my friends . 
there s a slightly odd taste about this product that i can t figure out from the ingredients . 
she told me several of her friends have ruined their phones by dumping them in the toilet . 
other reviewers have covered these these points ,  so i ll try to be num_extend
if you don t intend to move the diffuser around ,  go with the flame tamer . 
i got this product because i am a sucker for organic products . 
and hope not to test it on such . 
my first one got broken due to some significant abuse by my toddler . 
then tried to use it again num_num month later and the poles were ruined . 
its big ,  its not waterproof ,  but its the best for what it does ,  and thats protecting your iphone . 
i also add jollytime butter seasoning to the oil before i start cooking . 
i like the idea of these gluten free brownie bars . 
it s a smooth glide from that point onwards ,  until eventually the end is reached ,  and the plug pops in . 
you can move left or right ,  not in or out . 
we use it frequently and it has held up admirably . 
i cut it down for an iphone ,  and it works perfectly with the iphone . 
an easy solution ,  both for church volunteers staffing the reception and ourselves . 
we ve had this for a few years now . 
i have put in very hot liquids and so far no problem . 
it s really bulky also which i didn t like . 
you do have to remove the case to maximize sound increase though . 
this one had one of the shortest lives . 
besides it has a nice look and feel . 
they still need to update the product literature to remove the references to osprey . 
easy to beat and so boring at that . 
the clasps do not clasp shut most of the time . 
even though it is just me ,  the cooker is not too big for most jobs . 
thephonedevil magicscreen :  crystal clear edition is by far the best at a most reasonable price . 
it s complex and interesting ,  i enjoyed making my character . 
it s taking me a while to get the hang of it ,  but ,  it is very well made . 
we prefer this smaller sized tank because it is not so heavy to lift and fill . 
thanks ,  amazon for having this great feature . so i cleaned it out ,  put it in the freezer to chill it . 
i have purchased others ,  and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath . 
this works really well ,  fits a jelly roll pan easily . 
i have used almost all of the jar and my wrinkles dont look any better . 
very helpful for freeing up space in my tiny bedroom . 
after reading all good reviews ,  i bought this pair of shoes . 
if you push down too hard while squeezing ,  it makes a much louder annoying noise . 
generally ,  i only do one or two ,  but i ve also juiced more than num_num during one session . 
it won t blend on the skin at all . 
the concept of this toy is absolutely fantastic . 
i felt that the added features were just inconviniences that slowed the game down . 
now i have used it probably on an average of twice a day for that num_num years . 
i played nfl num_extend before but i gave madden a chance with the num_num rosters . 
looks like it could come part at the seems ,  but so far it s held up without any problems . 
meaning :  you have to back your dogs  arms back out of the arm holes . 
perhaps i am too dumb to make something this simple ?  . 
starcraft is one of the most annoying games ive ever played . 
the sound levels take a little adjusting to get right . 
i only had one packet of this so am unable to evaluate it on it s health benefits . 
the silpat baking sheet is a great little tool for bakers to have on hand . 
bar keepers friend keeps it nice and new looking . 
this case rocks for what it really is .  .  . a simple clean well fitting protective case . 
the thing is its imposible to take off . 
this game has gotten a lot of bad reviews ,  and it earned  em . 
i love these containers ,  i use them to pack all of my left overs and they work great . 
no background or wind noise ,  and very close to handset . 
if they made the soup spoon about % bigger ,  than i d have given these num_num stars . 
the patterns are no longer logical but random and it will turn itself on and off . 
much better taste but we do need to filter it with a screen to keep out too many grounds . 
it is very affordable ,  and puts a good edge on my kitchen knives . 
also ordered the square version and will probably order more as they are difficult to find . 
these seriously do not look like this picture . 
these screen protectors are pretty much as disaster to try and put on . 
they are for my son in hawaii who has numerous health issues . 
no assembly whatsoever ,  i imagine this is how they use to build fans in the num_extend and num_extend
so i am keeping it for other use . 
peach tea ,  on its own ,  is great; which is why i wanted to try this stuff . 
memory wise it is way better than the backflip and the processor is loads faster . 
not too had to apply and good value . 
but then .  .  . the other day i plugged a trusty sidewinder into the hub to play some old games . 
i own a jabra speaker for my car and it is the best one i own . 
so what to do ?  buy this case and problem solved . 
it should work well with my midland num_extend
its very clean  at first  and easy to maintain  at first  . 
this machine is everything i was looking for . 
excellent steel and holds its edge very well . 
i got this for my daughter ,  who loves the weight and the balance . 
there are some truly brutal tackles in this game . 
it charged my samsung galaxy note faster than the usb wall charger that came along with the phone . 
looks like they know what they are doing . 
the radio stations and the street chatter are all of an excellent quality . 
he was probably having fun with the challenge but we just couldn t handle how loud it was . 
it pulled up an amazing amout of fur ,  etc . 
i have not used the pan yet ,  but it appears of excellent quality . 
don t think i ll buy henckels products in the future . 
some sort of heavier lid material would be nice . 
in defense of infallible i did buy it in a lite color .  .  . bloom . 
no matter what kind of media or even retail movies i used still no help . 
this is a good price and a nice unit . 
price is based on the webkinz name i think ,  not necessarily on the quality . 
i do not recommend this game !  don t buy it !  . 
i brought this phone cover for my wife . 
the water must be hot so that it does not crack the iron . 
another pile of crap i have wasted money on . 
there was also no  starter credit  as stated in the item photo . 
all im saying is dont be dumb and waste a lot of time . 
i purchased this as an extra cv controller for a digitech control num_extend
the name speaks for itself when it comes to comfort . 
it is the solid state transformer inside which makes these chargers durable . 
i found it actually hurt me more than when i didn t wear it . 
in fact i bought the first one for the cup ,  a great travel mug . 
unfortunately ,  that means she now needs num_num minutes to gulp down a meal instead of one . 
so your phone is actually getting double protection . 
you could pass by me ten feet away and would want to plug your nose . 
this is a great tool for roasting in the oven ,  especially for poultry or pork . 
to begin ,  i have never had a bluetooth before . 
that s because it is and it doesn t fit tight like the original . 
the only thing you re left with are some candy and ice cream molds . 
this is the worst game ever for a num_extend
we have the bowls ,  cups ,  and plates from ikea and love them all . 
i haven t been this excited about a kitchen tool in a long time . 
chippies are taking the bait and getting out unscathed ,  or escaping afterwards . 
when i arrived home with it ,  and took it out of the box ,  i was very disappointed . 
however ,  we tend to use the wider roll much more ,  even for relatively small fills . 
i really like the fact that it uses a standardmicro usb cable instead of the iphone connector . 
it all looks the same in the drawer . 
i bought this exact product from a store locally . 
can store for the winter or when not in use protecting it from the weather . 
i puchased this toy to put in our game closet thinking that it would be alot of fun . 
this little machine does the job quickly and easily for me . 
i purchased the kensington num_extend computer cable and lock because i was familiar with the kensington brand . 
i landed on this one !  and then it came in the mail . 
it works well enough to wash back but not exactly scrub it . 
also perfect with broccoli added on top of the rice in the last num_num minutes . 
it s been only two weeks ,  but seem to last as long as original battery ,  about a day . 
this is my fourth attempt at a screen protector for my iphone . 
good !  i don t want a protective case that fits loosely and then pops off when the iphone is dropped . 
after adding num_num to a large cup of coffee ,  i tasted a hint of cinnamon but not much . 
works very well on my carpet especially when used with the hoover deep cleansing shampoo . 
but so far ,  it works as advertised and is keeping its shine . 
if you re straining stock or broth ,  this is a real time saver . 
this is after a three week purging with fairly strong insecticides while still outdoors . 
the fit of this bra seemed oddly shaped . 
you can t even tell if this thing is running . 
i never realized how dull they were until i sharpened them all . 
on top of that ,  the music is pretty annoying to listen to . 
i previously purchased the laza zcell which has a similar battery and back door . 
i can t even imagine how someone else would like them so i m really thinking the rave reviews are fake . 
i beat this game num_num times to see num_num endings . 
i am not usually a princess about these things ,  but i really couldn t stand the feel of this . 
one of the best purchases i ve made in a while . 
let those fingernails grow ! actually ,  i m not sure why i bothered ,  because catnip has absolutely no effect on my beast . 
looking forward to creating more delicious desserts with my kitchenaid mixer . 
if i bought this i don t know what happened to it . 
it s a bad recorder and an even worse player . 
i suspect they were not made in china a decade+ ago . 
we used to to make dough for my husband s strawberry glazed pie as well as to shred strawberries . 
it weighs about a pound or a little more . 
it s heat tolerant  doesn t melt on the edge  . 
i tried to be superman and save everyone . 
this product left me with a rash ,  and pain . 
i swore by them and told everyone to get one  or two  . 
the adc is male ,  need female ,  the dvi is female ,  need male . 
amazon made it right but i am disappointed to receive old product . 
use the cooker at least once a week . 
having to monitor everyone and move them along with you took a big fun factor out of the game . 
num_extend the top of the heater is bulky . 
both our boys know how to use this on their own and it offers a great consistent cooking service . 
the construction seems to be very good but with clamps like this what good are they ?  ?  ?  . 
of course everyone will give this game num_num stars because their favorite character is in it . 
non stick coating can be seen on the ware and the handle is quite solid . 
they both also act to deodorize as well as clean . 
the stand is well made and designed ,  strong materials and it looks just like an apple computer monitor stand . 
however ,  these slimy noodles are really not good to eat . 
it was better than any mower i ve ever owned . 
to make a long story short ,  the pyle pro is much louder ,  and has better features . 
i checked and ironically i ordered this drive a year ago to the day . 
setting up dvi is not a problem as other reviewers have noted ,  however . 
your coconut oil should smell like you re on a beach in the caribbean . 
it came a couple of days before my phone came and it does its job well . 
bought it for a friend to activate her new phone . 
just use a white paper towel and rub the whisk ,  you will see black stuffs come off . 
unfortunately i have extremely sensitive skin and was allergic to something in their products . 
tis gun is plastic and broke the first day as i try to put the batteries in . 
if you make chocolates you must buy these tools . 
i work from home sometimes and use the speakerphone for conference calls . 
if my stretch marks did fade ,  it was probably because of time and not this product . 
i love ,  love ,  love this skillet and i would say i use it several times in a day . 
does what it needs to do ,  efficient and inexpensive . 
la camara full hd lo recomiendo al %
it takes very little space in the fridge and holds enough for us . 
i love lavender but this did not smell to me as it should . 
i replaced mine with some hose from the local hardware store and it s worked great ever since . 
has simple to connect power and ground connections . 
the new battery holds a charge better than the original that came with my phone . 
it won t stay in place with socks ,  so it s only good if we go out . 
it also now has a weird texture and doesn t  bunch up  the way it used to . 
the matte is more of a powdercoat finish than a textured plastic feel . 
the one i got was also missing one of the mounting bolts . 
i used it for almost num_num weeks and it was just like i wasn t wearing anything . 
it just starts immediately mixing and kneading ,  then adds the yeast . 
i don t have it anymore but it protected it while i had it . 
not very expensive and fits well in my kitchen with the rest of the oxo products i have . 
i tried to learn to like the taste ,  but it did not happen ,  no matter how hard i tried . 
use a razor to remove the remains ,  and used contact cement to glue the unit to dash . 
always does a good job of popping corn . 
first ,  the hat on the little person is not secure . 
we are a family of num_num and it is still quite large . 
in fact ,  it was a little frizzier than normal . 
i don t have a lot of counter space ,  so was looking for an alternative to a knife block . 
i replaced it with a belkin n wireless router ,  which was up and running in no time at all . 
moving on you can use heat vision ,  super breath ,  and freeze breath . 
at first glance ,  this seems like the perfect all in one pen device . 
i always measure out what i am grinding and grind it all through . 
still a great product though and i would order again . 
just not a good setup compared to other brands . 
i prefer the normal but use the quick when running short of time . 
ultimately ,  this battery door is more broken than the one i had before hand . 
this toothbrush holder will not fall down off the wall . 
i sent them back and got some pioneer speakers that fit perfectly . 
based on the dimensions ,  this would be num_num cups not num_extend
the procedure went exactly as described and now i have what the phone should have been delivered with . 
the only downfall is that it doesn t protect the front and very minimum top and bottom protection . 
when i saw that ,  it turned me around . 
i decided this new year that i wanted to overhaul my cosmetics . 
the control is rather overly complicated and isn t exactly user freindly . 
i thought about getting this for a while ,  probably a couple years . 
i have to use my nine inch pans for that . 
this extra battery has saved me numerous times since i purchased it . 
this range top can easily and quickly heat oil to num_num degrees for deep frying . 
he also installed the rock solid scope mount for me also and removed the rear sight dove tail . 
they wanted to charge me what i paid for them to fix it . 
the title of this product says that it is a rubber case . 
i used the mitt from the spray and i still ended up with blotches ,  but no tan . 
however ,  like many others ,  neither of the num_num adapters i ve bought lasted more than a few months . 
i tried early on to give disks it could burm without trouble :  tdk ,  memorex ,  verbatim . 
he again said i should return it to the vendor . 
i use them for birthdays ,  holidays ,  and whenever i bake cakes or need whipped cream for toppings . 
on my num_extend filter now for the culligan faucet mounted water filter i purchased over num_num years ago . 
i have several sizes ,  but this is the one i use the most . 
i knew i didn t want one of those super duper high end grinders that cost $
get it if you don t care too much about aesthetics . 
the phone  samsung epic num_extend touch  paired perfectly . 
i was ready to put it in the garbage . 
i really tried this with an open mind . 
the main thing is that it gets me through the day . 
because of these problems ,  i rarely use these racks . 
this is my first otterbox case i ever used . 
this freed up a ton of space in the cabinet for oils and bottles . 
i haven t had any problems with this ice cube tray . 
the matching ankle holster was well made and well padded . 
first ,  he complained that the packet contained three small candies . 
the hook is easy to switch around so that it goes on the left num_extend
as i unpacked mine five years ago ,  i found no signs that it had ever been used before . 
they basicly showed the gaming world what not to do . 
the unit smelled like cigarette smoke ,  and the controller looked as it had been used . 
the spring in the unit pushes the two way out of the num_extend socket . 
great size for the home ,  lite weight and they rinse off like a champ and cleanup great also . 
i much rather have plates that disassemble and go on the dishwasher . 
these were by far the most discusting foul tasting gf product i have ever tried . 
i got to admit my dogs ate this food . 
this stuff just gooped up on it s own . 
has a nice feel and look to it and shoots with good power . 
two of my three cats love the turbo maze ,  so it gets num_num stars ,  but the rest is useless . 
it s just different ,  that s all  and gives it a very clean outside appearance ,  which i really like  . 
cocktails originally were served in small and elegant glasses ,  strong and intense and using the best ingredients . 
hence ,  i wanted one with a thermal carafe . 
  i am the only one who drinks coffee at my house  . 
i have charged it up but not yet used it . 
i purchased this vacuum to replace another small eureka canister vacuum that finally quit working after num_num years . 
i should have taken my fellow amazon . com shoppers advice about this case and just skipped it . 
theres nothing bad i can ever say about any otterbox products . 
the cord is short ,  as others have mentioned ,  but an extension cord is an easy fix . 
for now ,  i am enjoying the even heating and the superslick non stick interior . 
i ve had numerous very erratic behaviors from my drone . 
i sent it back due to a scratch on the inside of the stockpot . 
i know rancid oil when i taste it ,  and this is the worst i have ever tried to eat . 
the build quality on this lense is cheap . 
i will eat them ,  but they do not have the kind of flavor i was dreaming of . 
i also noticed the character designs seemed a little distorted at time . 
i was affraid everything from this machine was going to taste this way . 
the train doesn t fit on his train track ,  and the dinosaur doesn t sit in it . 
right under the area where the styrofoam was busted up ,  the machine was dented in several places . 
i ll be patient .   and easy to clean ,  so i m very satisfied . 
i definitely recommend this to all my friends !  . 
nevertheless ,  the arctic sound have surprisingly good sound over low ,  mid ,  and high frequency ranges . 
the first thing that it does well is provide much needed length in the cable . 
the noise is minimal and it really does make a difference . 
any kind of shawl from a cheap acrylic to whatever could have been put into this wrapper . 
the bite surfaces are soft and spongy ,  which i liked . 
one of the best purchases i ve made this year . 
i feel like i have been ripped off . 
the lasermax replacement slide lock can and does pull out by hand . 
so far i am impressed with it s quality . 
well ,  how did i get along without them . 
and as an audiophile and audio enthusiast ,  i ve owned many over the years ,  both cheap and expensive . 
for the majority of tasks ,  this is completely irrelevant . 
for the same monetary price i d recommend lego star wars . 
this out of all the cases i have use is the best for my personal situation . 
i have found few uses for bags this small . 
would have been nice if they had explained in their instruction book . 
and one day ,  a huge bubble appeared under the screen disabling the touch screen . 
that s ok though because i feel sorry for anyone that would buy this p . o . s . 
very disappointed . everything about this charger looks authentic ,  except that the lights are blue . 
because this is just a piece of plastic ,  i just trimmed it to fit perfectly . 
once again ,  another frustrating thing about this product . 
i purchased these spice jars about a year ago for bulk spices . 
the inner layer of silicone that shields the side buttons renders it nearly impossible to press them down . 
people on the other end also say i come through as if i m sitting next to them talking . 
that way ,  i get a brand new console instead of a refurbished unit . 
then ,  filtering out all the same recycled platformers from a decade ago ,  you have about num_extend
the color of the product was a dark tan color . 
i am prepping for thanksgiving dinner and after one use of this food processor i am hooked . 
and i got the product with a hole in it . 
the memory card slot is on the left side of the white sim card . 
the problem ,  in retrospect ,  appears to be the rennet tablets . 
it appears that many buyers have had this filter fall apart on them . 
i ve paired this unit with my samsung galaxy s mobile phone ,  and the two function together seamlessly . 
i was so excited to get this ,  but it stopped working after only a couple minutes use . 
i may be able to get into it one day ,  if i stay on my diet . 
i used a papertowel to try a test cut before sharpening . 
i like this :  the size and the shape . 
i imagine it would probably be great for making sticky candies or rolling other doughs as well . 
it doesn t allow her to use her imagination in any way . 
these are pretty impractical pens ,  they are sleek and stylish . 
if and when the stainless steel grinding mechanism dulls  which will happen  ,  it s landfill time . 
i wish it was more agile to get under or around tight spaces . 
if that is not one of your criteria ,  i highly recommend it . 
at first i thought i was doing something wrong ,  so i tried different things . 
this is the sort of bar that you would find in the grocery store . 
the black socks feel like % polyester . both the black and white socks feel pretty thick and warm . 
he all of a sudden began pooping on a bedspread instead of the litter box . 
seemed like the ones i saw came from people who wrote only one review total . 
nothing sticks to them ,  and the clean up is a breeze . i liked it so much i ordered more . 
as with stainless lined dishwashers ,  i would never use dishwasher soap that contains lemon . 
linksys should at least print the version number on the outside of the box . 
i have used it for canning chicken ,  beef ,  venison ,  turkey stocks; jams; pumpkin and other fruits and vegetables . 
i love the  smoky eyes  look so i thought this product would be exactly what i need . 
the first time i ordered i got a great product . 
it works on all my knives ,  even hollow edge . 
i love fresh salsa but i hate chopping tomatoes and onions to put in it . 
first day i tried it ,  i took a spoon full . 
the multiplayer is what sells these games ,  they could have done alot better . 
the sennheiser num_extend $ are some of the best around . 
it is now going on  nine  weeks and i still have not received the repaired or replacement unit . 
i tried this mask twice with the same results . 
i came here by recommendation of kandee johnson from youtube . 
how many times do you want to do that ,  especially with what they are charging ?  . 
but this num_num oz beast delivers a few extra ounces of coffee heaven to my commute . 
it sounds cool ,  got good reviews ,  but just didnt work for me . 
i make a cheese omelet in it for myself and it just glides .  .  .  .  .  . no sticking issues ,  even with the cheese . 
as usual ,  though ,  the handheld versions get the short end of the stick . 
that s because i melted the first one by keeping it in an num_num watt microwave for over four minutes . 
it seemed like a real bargain ,  given the price . 
before you buy this item ,  call netgear support and see if you can get through . 
it still works great and am even still using the original headset . 
he is very happy with the case combined with this armorsuit militaryshield screen protector . 
i m hoping it will last longer but we ll see . 
however ,  there is no way that i could drink a whole bottle of this concoction of any flavor . 
not the way video games should be made . 
by lunch time the rice is still warm . at first i questioned if mr . 
she ll occasionally carry one around in her mouth from one room to another ,  but she won t chew them . 
the holes for the letters are very shallow ,  and they fall out if barely even bumped . 
when i started using cetaphil ,  my skin was overly sensitive . 
i d never owned any inserts; so those were a bonus . 
they were used only inside the home and handled carefully . 
plugs in ,  lights up red when drawing juice . 
yeah thats it the game will make exillent firewood . 
it advertised all those features ,  but cannot implement any one of them properly . 
way smoother ,  more fun to play ,  mapped out great ,  and better scenery overall . 
at first ,  i tried to take it off at night in the customary way and had an awful time . 
i don t recommend that ,  unless sticky is your thing . 
love the colors and lasted longer than the knock offs as expected . 
i also especially like the small powered brush that you can use for stairs . 
also ,  i actually find the griddle quite useful . 
i had always wanted a set of stainless steel canisters . 
the design is far as safety is fool proof . 
it broke where it was supposed to pivit while inserting it in my ear one day . 
so i purchased extras to keep in each car . 
six other folks i work with have purchased this game . 
some screens you have to use a scroll bar ,  others you just drag your finger to scroll down . 
i bought this humidifier specifically for white noise and it does not disappoint . 
the num_extend always had drop offs unless i had my iphone on my arm or in my hand . 
the bristles on this brush are so short that it doesn t really do anything for me . 
i made the switch from the conventional mouse when i started to notice my wrist aching . 
if you need a set of these this is a good one . 
this is a really heavy ,  good quality pie pan . 
if you are looking to extend your battery for this phone this is a must . 
for the price ,  i think this is the best value out there . 
he says irritating things like  this doesn t look good !  you better be careful !   . 
i bought my new unlocked  cingular branded  treo online . 
nikon is not doing this in any way . thanks for nothing ,  nikon . 
most of the third party games are really weak . 
this is a larger gap than my other num_num larger scoops of the same type . 
but my son liked it however doest use it much . 
this is the biggest joke of a phone i have ever seen . 
it s very quick ,  and definitely good enough to protect food from freezer burn for several weeks . 
the iphone is a teeny bit ivory compared to the almost bluish white of the otter cover . 
i probably will order another color at a later date . 
i suggest you wait for other reviews to come in before you hit the game stores . 
however ,  at least half of that time is replaying the same thing over and over . 
not being waterproof is not that much of a concern for me . 
in my opinion ,  these were not cheap by any means and i expected them to last . 
this unit is worth every cent ,  my wife uses it constantly no complaints . 
so glad i spent the extra few bucks for this item . 
while true my household we don t really care about that . 
i really like this and it attaches so easy and is easy to use and clean . 
it s much larger then i had imagined and it is the . 
i dont expect this to last me more than num_num months tops . 
i found myself quoting mae west after the first stage .  .  is that all ?  ?   . 
i bought this to use with my chemex . 
i have used it and i let my teen daughter use it with my supervision . 
with this kit ,  at least for now ,  you ll need to make two num_extend purchases . 
for the price of num_extend this is a great deal . 
it also does not have any ff or rew buttons . 
consistent results everytime once you get the hang of adjusting it . 
these are very good quality and should last for sometime . 
this matters a lot on a very specific part like this . 
bonus ,  it s by far the most attractive garlic press we ve seen . 
neither of my seafood loving cats liked this at all . 
i put hot water in the empty pot and push the plunger up and down a few times . 
it goes on very clumpy and dries so stiff it flakes throughout the day . 
i used it as directed for two weeks . 
these are not only large but extra large .  .  .  . just make sure that is what your looking for . 
if i wanted clear polish i would just use what i already have ,  top it off . 
i purchased this as a replacement battery for a motorola num_extend
to start ,  the graphics aren t even close to num_extend pitching and batting motion is strange ,  even cartoon like . 
one scratch and my cat ripped the thing up . 
these pans are the perfect size for my toaster oven . 
i ll try it for cake next time i bake one . 
the hard silicone   ?   is nice to the tough ,  and gives me a little better grip on my phone . 
the bottom is off the end of the butt of the gun . 
i tried turning it and the other devices off and on again ,  and doing the process all over . 
i owned a pair of cheap cookie sheets that were quite flimsy and starting to warp . 
it is the lightest best gripping knife i ever held . 
this system is not fancy ,  but it works . 
i uploaded a photo to the customer images section . 
they are sprayed with mixture of soy oils and baked for num_num minutes at num_num degrees f . 
it didn t even foam . what i really like about the hoover is the ease of use . 
it also does a fine job on quesadillas ,  or so my son tells me . 
i keep it on my kitchen island where it s always handy . 
like all new knives ,  this one was very sharp and cut right through crusty bread with ease . 
cast iron cookware works well ,  and works for the long run . 
i like the blue light indicator of remaining charge ,  very clean looking . 
characters seemed limited with a low number of moves and special moves that are way below spectacular ,  extremely below . 
i will be buying num_num more to max out the capacity of this dryer . 
the other reviewer was luckier than i was . 
if this sounds like you ,  great !  it s great to have a passion and this mower is for you . 
it keeps trying to flip around from the back where it is plugged into the wall . 
plan on making a lot of pottery decorations with this product . 
from constant use for many years it was lost . 
one of our num_num cats plays with it for a minute or two each morning . 
however ,   healthy choice  has yet to learn that trick . 
as a matter of fact ,  i just order another for my iphone . 
i can only assume that people don t really understand it . 
yard butler generally makes good products that i like . 
i needed one gem and it was in the thieves den . 
like one of them had a braun that lasted me over num_num years and the mr . 
we put cast iron pizza pan on a weber kettle grill and let it get hot with burning coal . 
it does not take much to figure out how it works . 
the  vibration  feature which is supposed to enhance bass y effects is absolutely horrific . 
then i have a small glass of wine and reinstall the bottle stopper and draw a vacuum again . 
leaves the carpet clean and not too damp , this is the one to have for convenience and cost !  . 
physically ,  the stylus looks a lot like a ball pen body . 
after a week of use the clip on the stealth broke . 
the price of these anker batteries for the samsung galaxy note seemed too cheap to really be good quality . 
i normally wear a large ,  wish i woulda ordered an xl . 
this one i can t even adjust around the neck to fit any of my larger dogs . 
as i mentioned in my first paragraph ,  it supports wpa security ,  which is far superior to wep . 
it s been three months and i ve only charged it once . 
bought this for general use ,  works like a charm . 
the jars kept falling off ,  leaving their magnets stuck to the rack . 
i hung it in the shade but it still leaks like crazy . 
this product is better suited for kids under num_num years of age imo . 
there are just too many unhappy stories among these customer reviews . 
like i said get what you pay for these didn t even make it to the woods . 
unfortunantly i am unable to use this product . 
it filled the bill nicely and i would recommend this caddy to anyone . thank you !  . 
my gosh , it was wonderful not to be limping out the door at work . 
i almost wished it weren t steady ,  so she d be afraid to climb up on it . 
num_extend read the manual and do the maintenance it suggests . 
well ,  i own a lot of magnifying glasses ,  and start fires easily with each one . 
i think for the price they are good . 
i am delighted with this machine ,  and have no need to keep up with the development of newer coffeemakers . 
first of all ,  my subtraction of a star doesn t indicate disdain for the product . 
this isn t so much so though when the rack is on . 
he loves to pull the stuffing and squeekers out of his toys . 
it s so pretty and brightly colored and i love all the butterflies . 
i dropped my phone a few times ,  and it never even made much of a noise . 
if i get it going i will update my review . 
and guess what ?  most of the time they did . 
i remember about num_num years ago upgrading from some nokia phone to the nokia num_extend
perfect for a small under cabinet drawer system . 
i could no longer use pam or any other spray oil ,  because of the propellant used in them . 
the extra battery life is so great that i cannot imagine using the iphone without it . 
and the gauge also fogs up on me pretty bad . 
but for the money ,  i would suggest a speck candyshell . 
this machine is a top of the line machine . 
this is so much more convient and easy now . 
note :   continental size silverware is traditionally popular in european countries . 
last year i started a new job where i had to be outdoors all the time . 
i do like it and keep it at my vacation house where i only have a drip machine . 
i haven t shot it in over a year . 
it doesn t do much besides light up and sing some songs  that stop too quickly  . 
i am at the point where it would almost be more worth it to purchase a different gun !  . 
sorry ,  but these pants leave so much to the imagination . 
even comes with a clip for my ipod . 
that is great and all ,  unless the lock returns to it s default code . 
it was way cheaper than the store ones and worked just as well . 
just looking at the photos does not let you know just how well its built . 
usually num_num per week in the summer months and num_num per week in the winter months . 
it has the same consistency ,  the same scent ,  it feels the same ,  it works the same . 
i would recommend this to anyone ,  especially those over the age of num_extend
this shoe was much too wide and would not stay on my foot . 
get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear . 
the cheese cakes i have made in it have not leaked and cooked evenly . 
i am also disappointed that the amazon website did not list that it contained gelatin in it s product description . 
keeps my bluetooth ear piece safe and protected . 
mine is a combination of defects and poor design . 
try the unreal series  ,  half life or rainbow num_extend
it does this very well ,  and easily washed  by hand  . 
really disappointed that stockmar is misrepresenting its product ,  these are not % beeswax like they state . 
i also bought socks with the no slip on the bottom and they do the trick . 
you would have to be using a chemical peel to have that effect on your skin . 
when i got them i realized they wayyyyy toooo small . 
they make working with baking components so much easier . 
after having read all the positive reviews ,  i was expecting really a lot . 
it was cheap so i don t feel too bad . 
thankfully ,  my problem was fixable and i could care less about rooting now . 
i purchased this jacket for my female yellow labrador retriever . 
the blades are super sharp which makes the peeling very easy . 
maybe i just got a bad one ,  but why take the chance ?  . 
so it s probably going to be fine if you just don t put them down hard on an angle ,  ever . 
this had the most glowing reviews so i ordered it and she loves it . 
our days of standing in line for pancakes from a skillet are over . 
all in all the unit did not reliably do anything it was intended to do . 
i have worked over my henckel s so many times i ve exhausted myself . 
run it every day and it ll keep things pretty clean . 
my teeth are the same as they were . 
update july num_num num_extend brother still has his norpro num_num quart num_extend inch deep  and loves it . 
i intend to replace them with some speakers that shound good quite soon . 
some vents use the clamps in one direction and some in the other . 
what i disliked most about this tank ,  is that it s not that soft . 
i used the case for a few days ,  took it off ,  and never used it again . 
this pot comes with simple ,  easy to understand directions . 
but i borrowed it from my neighbor and its great . 
at any rate ,  adding the weight i was able to pull up even more water than that . 
i got sick of crappy mounts so i bought three the same day and decided to stop messing around . 
it has metal gears and is made of stainless steel . 
i meant a cord charger for samsung num_extend this charger is for the num_extend
this product did not work for my input devices . 
this isn t very clear when you come in via the num_num or num_num port switches . 
i covered it in oil and kept doing that for num_num days . 
instead you have to select the customer service path on the phone tree . 
the command doesn t always go through and i found the wires annoying . 
it s great for the price and works excellent . 
if i m on a call already it transfers to the device quickly . 
probably like most people i have had indoor grillers before . 
i just bought two new packs and hane s is definitely cutting corners on their product . 
i ve used it a couple times and have these num_extend
it s fine for level parking ,  but don t use this on sloping grades . 
i will post a final photo at the end of the treatment . 
i m testing it so many times still same problem happen . 
when i ordered this ,  i thought there would be a screen protector for the back but there wasn t . 
the packaging and product quality appears high end . 
i ve used this only once to sharpen all my knives and they are sharp . 
it is so simple and the oven still looks like new . 
the outter area of the scope image is blurred and all you can see is the center area . 
some fans have really huge openings in the front screen and can be a much bigger hazzard . 
to me ,  it smells like something an old woman would wear . 
it will make your loaves really look professional out of the oven . 
but it takes microsd up to num_num num_extend
expect to reconfigure settings over and over and over again . 
i saw this and thought  this will make drinking coffee easier  . 
wonder why this product was allowed to go to market ?  . 
i bought this rotisserie to replace one just like it that i finally wore out . 
what a bunch of hype ,  deceptive marketing strategies ,  waste of time and hard earned money . 
it made me feel kind of sick and that is strange because ginger is so good for the stomach . 
i feel the quality has also degraded some what with video games too . 
these bridge the data lines so you don t have to worry about if the charger does it or not . 
i purchased this pan to replace an identical one that i lost in a move . 
most players have long since abandoned trying to make sense of it . 
there is no  top ; it s the same on both sides ,  which is exactly what we wanted . 
i purchased this sled for my daughter as a gift for christmas . 
i brushed off the negative reviews and gave this a shot . 
it is as shown except it is huge . 
properly preheating your pan and warming up your food will reduce stickiness by a whole lot . 
yes ocarina of time was ok ,  but not good enough to save this series . 
at first the coats look good and good material probably good for smaller dogs . 
so ,  at num_extend ounces this is a slightly bigger drink . 
as i finish the last can ,  i am not as fond of this product as i used to be . 
it s hard to find the larger ones ,  especially thick and sturdy like this . 
the one in the center of the box lifted right off . 
fits in the spare compartment to keep my phone charged while i m riding . 
quality and freshness was good but the couscous has no flavor at all . 
it s weight makes it comfortable to use and the stainless steel makes it easy to clean . 
what i do know is that i would never order an num_extend through here . 
why not a simpsons skateboarding game ?  well ,  it s the way this game was executed that doesn t deliver . 
well ,  i got this based off a blog i found on pinterest and was thoroughly unimpressed . 
but in the dark ,  this thing is a strobe light . 
i have had some complaints from people saying they could not hear me . 
the ear hook can become uncomfortable after an hour or so of wear . 
baked bread and got a nice crunchy crust . 
i loved it so much a bought a calphalon sauce pan . 
both dogs liked it and ate it with no problems . 
finally ,  they are a very light material ,  unlike regular levis . 
one of my chef knives is used just about on a daily basis . 
i haven t tried the silicone version so i don t know if an upgrade is called for . 
the pencils are very hard and the product does not apply easily . 
hot pink and any other shade of pink is just not what s popping anymore . 
i also updated the os version , via rand mcnally . 
repeated or prolonged contact can cause defatting and drying . eyes :  slightly irritating . 
the cruiser announces the frequency and you can set your radio to it . 
many excellent reviews ,  so i went for it . 
i got the evo num_extend a month after it came out . 
this charging cord uses an extra two prongs so that it can recharge the phone quicker . 
this is definitely the sturdiest ,  sharpest bread knife i ve ever owned . 
the flavors are good ,  but the texture is super super sticky ,  and i m not a fan of that . 
fails to shave fine neck hairs no matter how hard you press or stretch the skin . 
in one instance ,  once the bee recovered from being shocked ,  it just flew away . 
i bought this case for my iphone num_extend and this case looks really good on the wight iphone num_extend
the boot is far too wide from my num_extend foot . 
if you want a smooth ,  rich cup ,  this is really the only way . 
i highly recommend this if you want a small ,  reasonably priced portable battery . 
the pan is easy to clean ,  the bread comes out level and properly baked . 
i got this for cheap but based from online recommedations and i don t particularly like it . 
after three days of driving with it ,  i have learned to simply ignore the tones . 
the bacon comes out done more evenly due to the relatively small footprint . 
i gave that one away to the church for their rummage sale . 
however ,  you can only access these one random word at a time . 
it will smoke when you try to grill on it the first num_num x or so . 
when we got them her set seemed to be a nice package with everything included . 
gun valkyrie has great graphics ,  but the controls and background music just plain bites the big one . 
for whatever reason ,  the super tooth enhances the volume and pick up pattern of your voice into the iphone . 
i was very pleased with this thermal carafe . 
this is the perfect stew pot to cook a large dinner with . 
bought two different sizes ,  but on both pair ,  my thighs bulge out as if i m wearing yoga pants . 
i bought this because a good friend who was visiting put my num_extend yr old skillet in the dishwasher . 
bright screen ,  powerful fast processer ,  loads of memory . 
everything feels uninspiring and cold . the gameplay is just as bad . 
we re talking beaks ,  chicken feet ,  eyeballs ,  even chicken poop !  i would not recommend this product . 
this works great and makes water taste very clean and crisp . 
first ,  the case looks almost nothing like the picture . 
the game sounded fun and looked scary from videos . 
it s still working great and still doing what it s supposed to do . 
i need a fan to sleep by .  .  . the white noise is perfect . 
i often woke up with an irritated throat and nose and knew it was from the poor air quality . 
fun project that makes lots and lots of cheese . 
this is a very basic ,  high quality pressure cooker . 
even many hours later ,  my food was still hot enough to be enjoyable . 
when we were more gentle with our closings ,  the problem stopped . 
in respect to what others have said about static . 
trust me ,  this muzzle is useless as a muzzle !  . 
i ended up finding my old charger but i think this one is actually better . 
how would you like if someone cut off the tops of all your fingers ?  . 
the size is perfect for their microwave to catch the drippings . 
it s a much better card game to carry around on your travels . 
overall ,  i highly recommend this product if you like your lettuce clean and fresh !  . 
they lost it in the shipping process and promptly refunded me . 
i use this dispenser to divvy up seed for my parrot . 
it s kind of sad that this is all the game is about when it comes down to it . 
the theft soon plunges the land into a horrible state . 
one taste and this went in the trash . 
i m so disappointed !  but i certainly don t think myself the  careful exception  any longer . 
litterally threw it into the trash because it would not stay on . 
this is the fourth hot shot we have owned . 
it also provides a very secure grip when handling your phone . 
it worked beautifully and with absolutely no problems . 
i went with lodge ,  because i own two of their dutch ovens ,  which i love . 
if they keep making it with rusty stainless and stretched out silicones soontheir name will be a  beware  company . 
when you compare it to the zero lemon batteries that are out for this phone . 
and they re comfortable to use despite my large hands . 
the product is accurately described by the seller . 
everything ,  even bacon grease ,  rolls right off of them with a light wash . 
this one has the best of both worlds . 
just remember when purchasing this product that one num_extend oz . 
typically went num_num seconds of supplying power ,  twenty without . 
but it is so lightweight and small and you can use it just about everywhere . 
the handle is comfortable and a good grip ,  doesnt slip when wet or your hands are geasy . 
this comes with a cleaning brush and an injection tip . 
these bowls are really nice for the price . 
it would make for easy storage . putting it together took less than five minutes . 
the rubber shell is very easy to install . 
take whatever function and you d never guess how unnatural an interface they came up with . 
it doesn t make sense to me why it would be especially with this style . 
dead just under num_num years after placed in service  actual usage time about num_num months  . 
by morning my lower back ,  hip and thigh were covered in patches . 
one of the iphones  my moms phone  is a num_extend and the cord will not charge it . 
for sheer curiosity ,  i tried zelda at a friend s house . 
if you ever had a belkin product ,  you are familiar with their quality . 
in conclusion ,  i will never purchase this again . 
read the reviews and thought it might be worth it . 
real shame i did not know that before buying it for my cats . 
ok ,  i brought it home and threw it on my office chair here . 
bought it because alton brown used it on his show . 
i don t like it ,  i can t get it to stay in the crate ,  it keeps slipping . 
the cast iron is very flat and the pan retains and distributes heat very evenly . 
i have num_extend hair and this product did not moisturize nor add shine . 
the drawback for me is that i tend to break vac pots due to most of them being glass . 
it was a big fat waste of money . 
i don t like the taste of coffee that has been kept on a burner or num_extend
i enjoy slicing ,  dicing and chopping with the globals except . 
this mixer whip is the perfect little gadget . 
if you must own a rio get a num_num atleast you can use smart media cards . 
seems well made and should do the job for which it is intended . 
after all the training  about a month  my cat was using the toilet . 
it doesnt even fit my verizon iphone num_extend
i tried filing the tab down but that did not work . 
at $ the nordic ware cake lifter is comparably priced to the smaller ,  lighter ,  wilton cake $
my advice ,  spend more money for a better product . 
so far i have had no problems with this product at all . 
i have been using proactiv for num_num years . 
the earring backs need to be a little more snug . 
the handle appears to have been attached by an adhesive that degraded over time . 
i intend to use this pan only for baking ,  never for pizzas ,  and it has never disappointed . 
sweet graphics ,  cool storyline ,  gameplay like halo ,  xbox live play . 
easy to set up ,  and works after charging the bluetooth for two hours pryor to using . 
i enjoy gloria jean s coffees ,  but did not like this particular flavor . 
they are remarkably sturdy for having no middle support ,  and can take a good amount of weight . 
the coffee stays hot for hours and hours . 
it s not perfect ,  but it s definitely very good . 
i am sure that with a few weeks or even day s usage this will be useless . 
there was no warning at all on this item !  . 
it does nothing to relieve my dry eyes . 
if you love coffee ,  never fry it with a hot plate ! the coffee comes out pretty darn hot as well . 
i was so happy with this product when i ordered it a couple times last year . 
i did the troubleshooting and work a few times more . 
this size works for giving as gifts or when you want to make different flavors . 
these particular memorex cd labels are a much lower quality then what is advertised here . 
but this screen is too small and frustrating for them to preview anything they took on . 
this can be very frustrating when one is hurrying to prepare dinner for hungry teenagers . 
i don t know what causes this smell ,  but it makes me nervous to drink this tea at all . 
i hiked three miles today and i have major blisters on both heels . 
but i bought the num_num pack so i have another one to use . 
its not a super fast juicer but works great . 
the flavor is almost like the smell of a dirty aquarium and the texture is even worse . 
i purchased this because my boyfriend is a typical man and can t slice cheese for the life of him . 
haven t had a chance to use it yet ,  but i m going to find a reason . 
collection cup cracked as it is nearly impossible to tighten ,  it leaks . 
lockups ,  server rollbacks that make you redo portions of the game ,  disconnections ,  lag . 
i expected them to be larger given i ordered the ginormous size ,  and i was highly disappointed . 
booo !  !  !  i was extremely disappointed with this product . 
this actually deserves no stars because it is now a useless piece of plastic . 
it isn t a quick charger which can only be the down side . 
works well to heat water for ramen and whatever other snack and drink requires hot water . 
i just keep an extra battery charged up and i switch the two batteries daily . 
this did the job without damaging the watch in anyway . 
no one answered and was told to leave a message . 
i also love that it can fit about any size of jar . 
odor control is great too with the carbon wrap installed on the filter . 
the volume is also very loud but that s no longer an issue since i taped over the speaker . 
i love this peeler so much that i m giving my family these to try also . 
i got this waffler after the cuisinart round waffler bailed on me . 
i have not used the flash though . oh ,  and also you got to love the price . 
great price ,  fast shipping ,  product arrived in perfect condition . 
if you have a big chunk left ,  take it out for christs sake . 
the genuine item provides a reasonably well regulated num_num volts . 
i do not recommend this product it is a big waste of money and a mess !  . 
the eforcity case often took off the back panel along with it; this doesn t have that problem . 
not really happy ,  was hoping for a different material that doesn t do that . 
the combat is extremely stiff ,  and aside from random grunts and moans ,  nothing special . 
i can t say you will get a new one or a refurbished one . 
these titles were meant like the first num_num re games ,  this game sucks like re dead aim . 
i do have to give parrot credit for creating a product so repairable and having every part available . 
it takes longer to knead than my ctc too . but .  .  . it makes the best pasta i have ever tried . 
screen is very bright and readable in direct num_extend
i am surprised with all the good reviews that i hated it . 
i just dial from my phone ,  and then hit the hang up button when done . 
the knob does come off if you pull on it instead of twisting it . 
it goes from percalator grind whis is coarse to an extra fine grind for expresso . 
after fiddling around with the plug ,  it worked again . 
i gave this four stars because oxo customer service is one of the best . 
i have a friend who uses this fan for white noise in his bedroom . 
significantly different than the feel and operation of other can openers i ve owned . 
my mixer came with the funky tin looking one that turns color if you put in dishwasher . 
we have discovered that we prefer using the side that produces slightly thicker shreds of cheese . 
but i won t buy these again ,  even though they taste great . 
i have theplantronics  . audio num_num num_extend pc gaming headsetwith the latter being my  standard  headset . 
came to late for the holidays but it looks like it will work great ,  good quality also . 
so i exchanged it for another one ,  same thing . 
i m very happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone looking for a quality baking sheet . 
it s very uncomfortable and hurt if using num_extend straight . 
we have used our panini grill a couple times a week since acquisition ,  with great results . 
one for my blackberry storm num_num and the other for my motorola droid . 
this is a good pan for mini tarts . 
they can rest on the edge of a hot pot without harm . 
it does not work well with the wilton disposable pastry bags . 
if i could give this item a zero star i would . 
the biggest problem is that the oven door and dishwasher door are hinged at the bottom ,  not the side . 
my son keeps his i phone in the case at all times . 
the biggest thing i was looking for was comfort . 
they make your ears sweaty and put pressure on them during prolonged use . 
i don t see any difference after using these . 
this was one of the first pieces of lodge cast iron that i ordered . 
if you make a quiche ,  for example ,  and it leaks or overflows ,  be very careful how you clean it . 
i use it to also charge my kindle fire . 
i plan to buy two more and put my wustfoff away for when company comes . 
most people like me view their pets as children and essential to their lives . 
it s a little pricy ,  but it s a cuisinart; so you know it will last forever . 
i bought this to replace the soft silicone skin type cover on num_extend phone . 
generally i don t pan a product but tested this on two phones . 
i think i have become a true fan of this rather than tins which aren t as secure . 
it s heavy and i keep it in my lower oven when not using . 
i liked it but a part got down the garbage disposal and broke . 
but in it s sturdyness i think this mouse is a bit clunky almost . 
they continued to crumble and flake as i put the tubing on . 
my num_extend and orangerx receivers have not been a problem ,  but that could be lucky . 
the leather also folds inward near the edge . 
this is contructed from heavy aluminum and holds up well to use and also heats evenly . 
you put cake mix in it and make cake . 
you can also adjust the volume by moving your finger along the length of the earpiece . 
i love the shape and size of these wineglasses . 
i have had it since num_num and it has not burned out yet . 
my original visor is about num_num inches longer at the bill and black underneath . 
after years of just absolutely hating shredding cheese with cheap box graters ,  i decided to finally upgrade to microplane . 
i have had this waffel maker for about num_num months . 
the two mic karaoke input is a plus . 
with this product you receive a little bottle that looks like clear nail polish . 
the laser pointer and flashlight are an added bonus that have come in use for presentations at work . 
the motors are not powerful to chop through heavy amounts ice and frozen fruit . 
i ordered the red and i regret that purchase . 
i took it back to exchange for a linksys . 
i really did not think i would like this game . 
it s completely neutered from the japanese version instead it plays catch up with the japanese versions . 
it sharpens well with my chefs choice electric sharpener . 
the knife arrived razor sharp and slices everything with ease . 
the grip is comfortable ,  the peeling action is smooth and quick and it just is a joy to use . 
i don t know why but both my dogs didn t touch it . 
the backs are great; the earrings themselves are dull and cheap looking . 
or maybe even a couple of lifetimes ,  when your grandkids inherit it . 
it doesn t work with all of the num_extend players in the house . 
not only did they love it ,  they couldn t stop talking about it . 
this scoop is exactly the right size for uniform cookies every time . 
after it is running you can take the lid off to add things . 
you reset it by pressing the minute and second button at the same time . 
i bought num_num of these for my num_num pound pekingese . 
this is seriously pretty easy to do ,  you just can t rush it . 
these high output chargers will charge most devices much faster than the charger you get with a device . 
looks and works great ,  but the hinge is very thin and flimsy . 
one of mine is now more than two years old and works just fine . 
if you do not have the fga ,  then you cannot use the fvsp . 
the voice dial is just as bad ,  if not worse . 
once it was gone ,  i realized it had just been masking the smell and it was still present . 
my recommendation however is to dump the landline and save the money . 
the plastic parts are horribly fragile and cheaply made ,  but i did not see any alternative . 
she says that it doesn t slide easily inside her pocket . your iphone is made with glass . 
all of them had dents from being dropped at one time or another . 
no ,   easy  mode or  medium  for guys like me ,  only hard for the fan num_extend ai is completely unbalanced . 
i would pay  at most  four or five dollars for a kit like this . 
i have used a kensington expert mouse for almost num_num years and have never had a complaint till now . 
i am stuck with num_num bags of this tasteless stuff . 
bottom flaps arrive popped loose from the lower side . 
two reviews mention it running in excess of num_num watts . 
it definately works and is simple to use . 
i put my olive oil in pump and spray . 
i really enjoy baking ,  and i enjoy doing a lot of things myself by hand . 
much like conan the barbarian revenge upon your father s grave is the primary focus for igniting the plot . 
that is what these pants are like . also ,  i would say don t get the twill . 
i do prefer the thinner version ,  but the thicker versions aren t so bad either . 
the ten speed settings are a plus ,  thought find i stick with my usual speed . 
plus ,  the volume feature didn t work with my phone or ipod . 
it s does a great job with no clogs or anything . 
the ends have a useful bend to them that makes picking up food items easy . 
i can t fathom a reason why since bloodlines is a better game . 
i like the clear top  ,  i might just buy a bigger one too . 
that broke the back cover and made the bezel no longer fit . 
i have a droid num_num with a case on it ,  and it doesn t quite fit exactly . 
it dims the clock and makes for a wonderful bedside clock and alarm clock . 
the angled offset keeps my knuckles out of the frosting . 
they could have either omitted the whole switch thing or put a decent switch in this thing . 
i purchased this item at the end of april num_extend
didn t realized it until it had arrived and saw the packaging . 
didn t do much with my sore throat and the spray on the bottle is too strong making me gag . 
unbelievably ,  two weeks was the life of these slippers . 
first ,  i was ability to twist and bend the connection going into the car and it started working again . 
more importantly the steam output is not sufficient to remove difficult wrinkles or wrinkles from heavy materials . 
i realized after i bought these that i really didn t want boy shorts . 
i would never ,  ever carry a gun in it . 
consider using a mild hydrocortisone cream  otc  on irritated areas after to help healing and reduce swelling and redness . 
the otter is not waterproof and the ear ,  camera and speakers are fully open . 
numerous small radios that you must listen thru earpieces and not thru speakers . 
these socks are probably for a shoe size num_extend
so we just kept it off and continued to play . 
now i could not hear any sound from my right side headphone . 
would recommend this for the value even though this is bigger  think two iphones stacked on each other  . 
if he dont like it it will end up on a garage shelve not to be used again . 
for all the other reviews about the lids not being tight enough ,  they apparently have fixed this problem . 
we have had the type that has a chemical inside it ,  making scooping quicker . 
i needed a two cup and the price was amazing !  i m very glad to have it . 
like me ,  you may not like the included travel mug . 
i bought this to hold up a small camera . 
after several days of usage ,  that griddle works great if you are looking for another alternative to this one . 
when i opened it the sweet potatos had white fuzzy mold on them . 
i love that it isn t necessary to open the oven to get a reading on the doneness of food . 
the charging dock makes the note num_num very appealing . 
however ,  it is what it is .  .  . exactly as it appears in on the amazon site . 
it did okay grating carrots ,  but a hand grater is just about as easy . 
the phone warns you that its getting too much voltage . 
the inside antenna is really designed to sit on the corner of your desk . 
this pasta is too delicate and cooks too fast for that method . 
i wash all parts by hand ,  i just do . 
the only shortcoming i could dream of is the shape and space used in the drawer . 
the grippy sides really helped holding this larger device and she loves that most . 
i dont know why anyone would want to purchase the black color . 
just grab the old filter and pull it out . 
we wanted a rack that was horizontal ,  not vertical to add to the strength . 
like this one ,  it is thin and nice to look at . 
i use for cooking small amounts of pasta ,  gravies ,  heating milk for cheese and yogurt ,  water for tea ,  etc . 
junk . maybe if you only fish with the lightest rig and catch the smallest fish . 
think cheap hole puncher quality from a $ store . 
the casing itself feels great in my hands compared to the rough and edgy verizon model . 
perfect for people who cook for themselves only ,  or for a few people . 
 if you like that layer ,  keep your cheap cooker !   it s really foolproof . 
of course ,  it can cut through a lot of other things ,  too . 
i love this knife !  so happy purchasing it . 
i was only able to get a few legs in at a time . 
i was able to find this game for num_extend at a local computer store . 
i don t feel confident this melissa and doug clock fits the bill . 
these are well made and quite heavy ,  easy to use . 
i don t like to write bad reviews but i must on this one . 
it is without a doubt the blandest thing i ve ever eaten . 
however ,  they are not cheap for what looks like num_num cents wrth of plastic . 
okay ,  they use sex to sell it; i get that . 
i was a little concerned whether they d fit in my dishwasher ,  but there was no problem . 
i bought a second one for the other car . 
these are great sizes !  they range from num_num cup to num_num cups . 
i m very disappointed that it would break so easily . 
gave as a gift and the recipient has been very pleased . 
once to see if it fit and once to test it . 
i washed mine three times and spent several hours picking out the lint and fuzz stuck on the towels . 
it fit s snugly in the car s power outlet and in the iphone . 
it looks great feels just right in my hand . 
we use it almost exclusively ,  but i especially love using it with our copper bowl for whipping up cream . 
wtf ? the next issue is the weird  fizz  sound ,  that was especially noticeable on the low e . 
don t blame the iphone for this .  .  . it is this case . 
bought these for a new apartment ,  and they have been performing excellent . 
the seams come apart on the side of the shoe . 
i would spend your money on something other than this . 
i was hoping for much more ,  something to restore some vitality . 
i just received the car mount and i m very happy with design . 
it scrapes into the cutting board making long gouges . 
i bought this for my wife ,  and she was thrilled with it for about num_num months . 
i have had the square canister for a number of years ,  in fact i now have two of them . 
pans turn blacker and smoother with lard than any other fat known to man ,  including bacon fat . 
works just like the one i got with my num_extend
i thought replacing a num_num year old headphone by advent would be an improvement of the years . 
my product came with four different sieves allowing for four differing sizes of cut . 
i bought this product to replace redken s discontinued solve line . 
cakes made with this pan are evenly browned at the sides and bottom . 
took it out placed my wine bottle in . 
it would have been great if it was made better . 
the brass connectors do not stick up far enought to make contact . 
i wasn t looking for brown but still decided to get this . 
only got to use it three or four times . 
i thought i d try one more popper before settling . 
i like the fact that the case can be used as a handle . 
the outside is polished so it s easy to clean it and it looks pretty good . 
they are not fragile and yet they are very pretty . 
we use ours all the time . the following review is out of date . 
i liked that this is portable and can attach to the headphone jack of a phone or ipad . 
i have found butter to be better than oil for keeping the pan seasoned . 
my husband tried it also and said the same . 
i tried every setting and even called customer support . 
i wanted headphones to grow old with ,  and these appeared to be them . 
i have bough two of the hd models and recently purchased the legend . 
i can t attest to the healthy aging claim . 
resolution isnt as important as processing and here the droid does a terrible job . 
the rubber feet keep it from sliding around while i grate into a bowl or onto a plate . 
i tried to adjust like give some shape but nothing . 
i think this mixes and kneads the dough more thoroughly than the oster did . 
i think i paid about the same price to have it professionally cleaned . 
so yeah ,  the packaging was amazing . con : the hose attachment storage is weird . 
i figured ,  all manufactured good can have a percentage of products with factory defect ,  no harm done . 
it delivers more pepper in one turn than our previous mill did in num_num turns . 
i had lots of extra blades and attachments etc . 
theey are ok to run to the market or drop the kids off . 
i see the benefit of this as i get older just to sleep in . 
i am impressed with the quality of this set . 
i would plug it in ,  turn it to high ,  and be ready to cook within num_num minutes . 
i tested it briefly under less than ideal conditions and i must say that i m impressed so far . 
the main story is a very short sequence of quests . 
morrowind is the most boring one i have ever played . 
a friend recommended pumice hand scrub made for mechanics ,  etc . 
thick cream which is helpful for my dry skin but the fragance is too strong in cheap way . 
when people visit ,  i brew a decaf and caffeinated coffee . coffee will overflow making a horrible mess if you : a . 
it looked very good ,  very angelina jolie ,  but that was not the look i was going for . 
and finally ,  the voice prompts on the unit . 
i hold a towel in front of the popper ,  not a big deal . 
i gave this a num_num because the problem is not with the blue tooth it s self . 
i bought a few ,  they didn t hold charge . 
morpheus was wrong ,  because neo s not the one . 
it is longer than others i have seen and works beautifully . 
these are made for dirt devil and work great . 
i really loved it at first ,  it was perfect . 
they want a very high price for there battery . 
i had just never realized by how much . 
my hands are very week and the other kind hurts my hand . 
this cup is horribly designed and the quality is even worse . 
this one looked so sleek and attractive so i bought num_extend
it now looks like a gray bowling pin . 
first ,  it does make good coffee ,  and it makes hot coffee ,  which is great if you add cream . 
the third one was less crooked ,  but still wonky ,  and none of them had a decent braze . 
kitchen aid changed their model and didn t make replacement parts . 
my roomate says that can actually tear up pads because they don t recieve the correct voltage . 
excellent charger for the car ,  arrived in perfect condition . 
to roast a pork roast or chicken ,  you use the spit . 
i really wanted to get something simple to experiment with grinding my own meat at home . 
how this got past quality control is beyond me . 
the bristles of the brush fall out several at a time each time i use it . 
i don t like complaining ,  but please don t waste your money . 
i also like to use them at work and can pair with my pc or phone via bluetooth . 
the graphics ,  even though they may have been updated a little more for the xbox ,  are bad . 
sadly ,  i am returning these boots and can just hope the next ones fit properly . 
and a switch on the side for choosing between num_num vac and usb . 
my family loves board games and plays them often . 
i also couldn t get the protective cover to stay on the screen . 
the original beater that came with the mixer lasted many years before deterioration . 
spent a few bucks buying replacement batteries ,  it powers on now but just displays lll . 
my little used series num_num model was recently replaced under the recall by apc with the same model number . 
used this pan for the first time last weekend ,  and the results were awesome . 
i couldn t get it to work at all at first . 
btw don t apply it to your scalp because it will dry it out . 
it does immobilize the girls ,  but not comfortably . 
then i realized you can spend everything you own on cake supplies and still never be satisfied hah . 
this will not replace your vacuum cleaner ,  but serves as a quick easy clean up machine for small messes . 
this num_num ounce package won t do anything . i worked out my anxiety by moving on to lexapro ,  bicycling and meditating . 
as for whether you spill it while you re drinking ,  nobody can account for how one person drinks . 
also this wheel for whatever reason ,  is a magnet for all droppings . 
not real wild about either ,  but they work . 
dishwasher safe ,  oven safe ,  freezer safe and microwave safe . 
a great size for cutting fruit or small pieces of meat . 
one ,  the reformulation is a cheaper made product  which is the most likely reason . 
steady noise is eliminated but music and voices still cause interference . 
after one use ,  i didn t even bother with it; i just donate it . 
this one comes in handy and very easy to use and clean . 
i wanted to make foamy coffee drinks at home so i decided to order this one . 
you can leave it there if your not going to use a filter . 
it is very blingy !  she will love it . 
my pt even said there is not enough support for plantar fasciitis ,  which is why i purchased them . 
i m starting to question if it is worth it to pay the premium price for gold toe . 
since day one ,  battery has a horribly short life . 
it has a hard time receiving a signal from the transmitter . 
the top of the head being the bending point ,  putting all possible pressure on one very small area . 
i bought these after going through a few other stylus brands and discovered that these are no better . 
the welds are inconsistent ,  with some being very even and some not . 
i have been wanting the bumpits for some time . 
but my problem was with the packaging and shipping . 
i thought it might possibly be close to what i had but cheaper since the brush looked similar . 
this pan rusted for me after just num_num years in the corners and bottom holes . 
these seem great ,  durable and of good quality . 
i see now they have a couple of other models with more options and i m thinking of upgrading . 
charged the phone fast and still showed almost a full charge on the back up . 
our only bummer is someone threw away num_num spoons and that had nothing to do with henckels . 
i will say the build quality is great but too short ,  is and remains ,  too short . 
for food prep from making bread dough to grating parmesan cheese ,  it s such a time saver . 
we drink decaf in the evening and regular in the mornings and when company comes over . 
i own a few other oxo products that have lasted for years . 
it arrived in perfect condition  it was very well packed  and the legs attached easily . 
for one thing ,  you ll probably get hit a lot trying to inflict damage on your enemies . 
tonight ,  i could not get the food off of the pan . 
the images aren t crisp and sharp and the colors are a little flat . 
my grandmother uses mine whenever she gets the chance ,  because it s familiar to her . 
my local walmart has kits that are more substantiative for a lot less money . 
the catalog needs to be explicit in which filter system a filter will fit . 
it has to be constantly adjusted to keep from spinning left or right . 
i used to dread having my phone slip out of my hand ,  now i don t . 
that was terrific for cooking pea soup and other foods that tend to scorch easily . 
i was looking around and came across these ,   natural ,   flavored bones and thought . 
being steel; oils will not form a permanent film on them like you see with plastic . 
the handle is hollow and uncomfortable to hold . 
jack connection on bottom is small as well . 
the color and look is nice ,  but what s the point if you can t walk in it ?  . 
nothing in the description when you order says this . 
i have owned my original farberware set since the num_extend and they still are amazing cookware pieces . 
i wanted to go back to where i last saved . 
done !  just had to pat dry and wrap in plastic film ! it was delicious on our homemade pizza !  . 
the grantwood case is more expensive but does not have any of these problems . 
buy the accesories from another brand ,  cheapeer ,  higher quality . 
buy two now so you don t have to come back and order another one like i am doing now . 
but anyways its a great item to a num_num user . 
if your not ,  then i hope you rupture a splean and get a stroke from this review . 
i am terrible at putting these things on my phone . 
i ve not found an oxo product i dislike yet . 
the letter does not stay long enough on the screen that they can see the finished letter . 
she played with it maybe twice and then we got rid of it because she just had no interest . 
a little more might make cappucino  sic ?   grinds ,  but i m not that exotic . 
not only that ,  but he reported that his athlete s foot and jock itch had cleared up . 
but this num_extend really reduces the background noise considerably . 
who knew ?  ! the keypad does lock and the screen goes dark rather quickly . 
fagor makes fine pressure cookers ,  and this is no exception . 
just not a good design ,  not a good product . 
it s so cute but it didn t fit my phone . 
first time i ve ever used one of these . 
guess who sent it ?  yep ,  the same person i originally communicated with . 
eventually i just pulled the battery and hooked up my own charging circuit . 
as with all oxo good grips products ,  the handle on this peeler is great . 
this also happened with another otg cable for my motorola droid num_extend
if you re an indoor person you might appreciate the mirror and little or no abuse . 
somehow i found it very bland and boring . 
the last one cost us about $ and lasted almost a year . 
i love this system but i am on my third belt clip . 
there is something different and unpleasant about the sauce . 
i bought these bowls ,  dinner plates ,  and saucers last month and am very happy i did . 
i finally found out their customer service phones are answered in a foreign country . 
that one works well ,  but installation was a lot of work . 
i bought these speaker stands for $ including shipping . 
i generally wear my hair in flat twists . 
my only beef ?  i wish that it didn t shrink a little . 
i saw this one for $ on amazon and nabbed it not really expecting great results . 
lttp had num_num dungeons ,  num_num swords ,  num_num shields ,  num_num items ,  and magic power with lots of spells . 
all the buttons are accessible and fits good for samsung focus . 
these have held up well ,  sound good and work with iphones and blackberries . 
it fits perfectly and the zebra print is pretty . 
after using it for about num_num weeks ,  i m pretty much just irritated by it . 
i hate this case ,  i would like to send it back and get my money back . 
i had some problem with a small rack near a sink ,  in a bathroom . 
for a cherry lover like myself ,  this drink was a disappointment . 
i assumed the pepper washed meant lighter tan . 
this coffee is convenient for travel if all you care about is convenience . 
although i have purchased two other knives ,  i needed another one like this one . 
the rubber shell also takes a few minutes to attach and get all of the rubber edges aligned . 
i have enjoyed my mixer experimenting with different speeds and attachments for different products . 
i used these to protect my phone s screen and they did a great job . 
i don t need an expensive case but just one that will do the job . 
when i use my bose headset ,  i listen to music from anywhere of num_num to num_num hours a day . 
want to go check out that dark corner over there ?  forget it ,  you can t . 
it charges at home ,  in the car ,  wherever ,  and is ready when your device needs the boost . 
it blows the chis out of the water and it doesn t cost all that much more . 
it would be nice if it could handle heavier foods but we love it anyway . 
they cost only $ which is too small an amount to consider returning this item . 
my cat perches on the top of it . 
it worked well for about num_num times ,  then broke . 
this  old fashionned  looking vac does a far better job than the new ones with plastic receptacles  i . e .  ,   bagless   . 
i ve had dry edamame before and i ll be honest i prefer the fresh version . 
i expected something richer with a strong coconut flavor . 
so ,  i m back to just holding while running . 
i am really pleased with the new canner . 
this dispenser works great  and i have num_num other styles as well  . 
these work so well and clean up easily . 
the utensils are quite small and the pouch to keep them in is thin plastic . 
i should have read the reviews before ordering this product . 
this might be the best you can find . 
i see nothing that would indicate this is low quality stainless steel . 
you can make soup in it and ice cream in it . 
the processor is more than capable of pureeing or liquefying . 
i have tried multi grain chips before ,  and these are the worst . 
i also contacted the seller about this but did not receive a reply ,  so bad customer service as well . 
and it s definitely not worth a disappointed kid . 
this case has such a nice cushion it has saved me many times over . 
when she tried to climb out of it ,  it could easily tip over . 
it is sour and salty taste and i cannot grow accustom to eating it . 
it is used over two num_extend burners with two perforated simmer diffusers sandwiched between . 
i takes me less than half the time to make cucumber salad and the results are beautiful . 
i bought these about num_num months ago ,  because they got good reviews ,  and i really liked the color . 
i mainly got it for emergencies and it serves its purpose but would recommend a better quality one . 
chanel polish is my favorite brand now and it never streaks . 
that said ,  i am completely amazed that so many people think this game is so great . 
on normal metal racks ,  it tends to just get glued on . so ,  i think this  cooling grid  is just superior . 
i also purchased the num_num sided version of the sponge holder ,  made by the same manufacturer . 
easy to open and easy to close with the blade inside a quality product at a reasonable price . 
replaced the part and still only good for a limited time . doc . 
the implication was that scientists in white lab coats were needed to develop this . 
it still left sticky material on the window . 
popping in the nordic ware is much more healthy too . 
i didn t read what i was buying ,  so this was the first bad experience i had with amazon . 
have been using this for a week and learning what works and what doesn t . 
i really needed a new paring knife and shopped around for quite a while before i decided on these . 
there s the flower swing ,  but that s really it . 
keeps phone slim .  .  .  . and my phone always drops on its side .  .  .  . so no need for back protection . 
after using it to wash my hands ,  my skin was so dried out . 
the call quality is really good on both ends . 
i didn t notice the warning on the bag that said this could cause loose stool . 
i wish it would charge a bit faster ,  but for the capacity there really is nothing better right now . 
it is quite sturdy ,  and a great improvement over the flimsy aluminum one our parents had . 
it starts off brilliant and great to play . 
if you don t plan to access the battery or sd card ,  then this is not an issue . 
i think this could of been a good sunscreen if it didn t leave a white residue . 
there are no pieces of iron in any bottle . 
i d like the loaf pan to come with a lid as well . 
when the coffee in the filter didn t empty into the carafe and overflowed . 
if you include the kickeroo tail ,  it s almost as long as my cat . 
go to extraction num_extend you for reading this poor review . 
our motorola bluetooth died after many years of use . 
this may be different if you choose to but the full aluminum version . 
my parents got this for my son when he turned num_num a few weeks ago . 
hmmm i think i ll budget for another one this year . 
muscle milk in its powdered form is known as cytosport . 
for $ i couldn t be happier with this performance . 
i love this knife for meat ,  poultry ,  and seafood . 
other than that ,  its really a perfect set . 
i haven t had any problems with this item and would recommend it to anyone !   :   . 
so in conclusion this is a very old design and looses in many ways to the newer sexier designs . 
this is my second jk adams pot rack . 
looks like you could drop em a few times before they would break . 
the hardest thing about making your own bread is slicing it  i guess that s why someone invented  sliced  bread  . 
i found that this product was a waste of time and effort for anything but extremely close photography . 
i could not imagine cooking bacon in the microwave . 
wish i could return it cuz it s a terrible game . 
i do not want to consume ground up and boiled horse hooves and cow bones . 
so there s really no challenge to it anymore . 
my beef is with the extreme cost of support ,  num_extend a minute . 
i have a sweet tooth ,  and this personally was my favorite part of the kit . 
this is the best steamer i have ever had . 
there was no noticeable difference in my blemishes ,  like i had seen with the shea terra . 
i would not recommend this item since it fell short of performance claims in description . 
i returned it for another tilley model with spandex and that was a major difference for me . 
i got a jar of the new formula ,  it has a green usda organic logo on it . 
it had the screen going out ,  turning rainbowish colors . 
it does the job well but i would never buy another one . 
most of my cleaning revolves around this stuff . 
you have to flip two pads to open . 
or ,  it does charge ,  but then twenty minutes later it stops . 
if you have to satisfy your curiosity like i did ,  try a rental . 
i was careless and didn t pay attention and messed up my first one . 
i love the battles in theory .  .  . however ,  in execution ,  there are numerous problems . 
it was a good price and we enjoy using our foundue pot . 
i ve fit four num_num pound lobsters ,  num_num pounds of cherry stone clams and potatoes without a problem . 
then the third time it totally stopped working . 
i also ordered wacoal la femme contour bra . 
i still made it work for me just not in the way i intended . 
i had never used a hair color remover before this . 
it was on time and has all they offered . 
the grill surface should be removable so you can really clean it . 
i have had these before and it was pretty much as expected . 
think about whether or not that will be an issue for you before buying this headset . 
now ,  a lot of people write reviews about how they are a pain to clean etc . 
definitely more suitable for professional use and not household . 
this product has nothing on the rabbit but i bought it because i couldn t find the rabbit online . 
purchased this to use to grind flax seed . 
the blue flash at eash attempt is not some thing i care to see in an electrical appliance . 
since half were chipped ,  i sent them back to amazon . 
what more could you ask for other than no batteries . 
nobody liked it at all ,  and nobody would give it another shot . 
it does what i bought it to do !  love it . 
it is perfectly balanced ,  so it doesn t flop or pull in any direction . 
the recipient loves it and uses it all the time . 
this specific one did not work for me but maybe for you . 
the crocband flip flop ,  on the other hand ,  was perfect . 
she has a scholarship to a private high school . 
and they are very rare ,  only a few for each part of the level . 
after the first few days while there was still some coating adhering to the collar ,  it worked noticeably . 
this thing fits so tight on my phone i have to use a knife to get it apart . 
i got this as a gift for my daddy and it fits and protects his phone perfectly . 
we had purchased several other toys of this type from the same manufacturer and our dog loved them . 
i gave them away to my neighbors who thought these were the best tasting snacks . 
this is a precision german kitchen tool  extremely sharp !   ,  no doubt about that . 
however ,  though it may not win a beauty contest it does perform its stated purpose reasonably well . 
they work great and fit perfectly in my costco baking pans . 
that way i can buy them when they get a nice shipment in . 
on the iomega mini drive and a whopping num_num mins . 
the carbanation level of the drink is low . 
i bought this as i read in these reviews that it would be good for hardwood floors . 
i really like this headset and don t see a need to look for a different option . 
had an old sunbeam mixer on which the turntable wore out . 
now i m back in the market for another cord . 
instead we found that the fabric was very nice and the case is constructed well . 
maybe i just don t get warehouse deals and it was supposed to taste horrible ?  that seems wrong . 
the reviewer who commented that it s hard to fill must not have read the instructions . 
i hope other people get a better response to this product than i did . 
we had num_num cooks in a num_num x num_num space ,  no problem . 
i guess you get what you pay for !  . 
most importantly ,  cast iron is more brittle ,  so a cast iron wok can crack if not correctly handled . 
for num_num cent it seemed a steal but this one went right into the trash . 
i have nothing negative to say about this can opener except that it doesn t clean itself . 
but my fingers still slide easily along it . 
even at that you can text and use phone without any problem . 
they are thick and hold up very well . 
for an inexpensive pizza stone ,  it does the job . 
frees up so much room in my kitchen . 
i ll be testing it on a trail this afternoon . 
these are great protectors and very durable  i m still using the first one of the three . 
before it died ,  i did manage to load num_num albums and play one song . 
i have to say the seller is top notch and the shipping was fabulously fast . 
i save so much time in cooking by boiling the water in this unit . 
charges much faster than the other chargers i ve ordered over the years . 
this dock kit didn t hold up at all . 
don t buy this if you are going to be riding in any temperature less than num_num degrees f . 
it s so comfortable that i can completely forget that i m wearing it . 
i have always used a fine ground or pods . 
the power is not very high ,  which i was really hoping for . 
i love having something portable to chase down all the fur my dog sheds !  . 
sad to say i did not see a huge mprovement . 
the joint attaching the handle to the main body was terrible . 
well end the end i ended up returning it . 
it is fine if your sitting in quiet room . 
perhaps i got a bad batch but it makes absolutely no difference to me . 
i can t wait to finish it and be done with this game !  . 
we have medication from the vet but he still pants and shakes . 
i just wish that they lived up to the rating that they got . 
this was my third linksys router and all three devices did not work . 
since your powers depend on darkness; much of the game is spent shooting out lights . 
if you want to look like a dried out num_num year old ,  wear this crap . 
i ordered a new battery which is what i expected to get . 
wow ,  was i disappointed !  my silver bills only like the small round seed ,  and rarely eat anything else . 
an important part to pay special attention to is the inside of the lid . 
and it was such a great price too . 
this makes it impractical to secure with locks . 
this is very frustrating for my num_num month old twins . 
the little holes and channels on the scraper catch polish which is messy . 
they are being pulled ,  twisted and so on . so i bought num_num of these at once . 
they need to monitor their vendors more closely because the product is good when it works as designated . 
i bought this for my husband and he loves it . 
the quality  i think  is a slightly higher upgrade than what you d find at ikea . 
it s a lot more involving and has far superior graphics . 
the only way to resolve the problem is to reboot the computer when this happens . 
only num_num or num_num of the num_num i bought work num_num months later . 
at least they warn you that not all the shirts are all cotton . 
also ,  the handle broke off on my first one ,  so it needed replacing . 
this is like salted road kill !  i threw it all away ! this is another amazon product with fake reviews . 
simply turn to right or left for pierce to show . 
i had to stop using it ,  and now i ll be looking to try a different brand . 
and don t come back here to complain if you do . 
well ,  i did everything they said to do ,  twice ,  and no dice . 
the timer instructions and face plate say to turn the nob passed num_num minutes  at least  ,  which i do . 
half of these were pretty bad ,  very wavy glass ,  i would have been embarrassed to ship them . 
i bought this hoping to keep my red hair vibrant in between salon visits . 
these are the best thing since sliced bread . 
if you are looking for a cheap alternative to the apple version ,  this is not it for newer macbooks . 
i need a little support in the boob area and this dress had none . 
i have owned several cases for my i phone and i like this one best . 
the power cord disconnects ,  and the unit powers off ,  whenever i move either the unit or the cord . 
gave it num_num stars because it is still too expensive . 
either the polder is the worst piece of junk ever made or it is great . 
the camera is great as the reviews have said . 
even my husband ,  who won t touch yogurt with a ten foot pole enjoys it . 
the reported numbers can swing up and down by a hundred feet or so for no reason . 
so ,  i d buy from them again ,  the product itself though wasn t worth it . 
better yet ,  a band that goes around your neck connecting with velcro . 
today ,  for example ,  i reached into the knife drawer ,  and cut my finger in this . 
i do not have an extremely large head ,  but it s larger than average . 
the guide notches fit right over the edge ,  and i didn t have to wash an additional bowl . 
i tried this cable with different monitors and lost the windows num_num seeing the monitor as plug and play . 
my paring knife to my set disappeared ,  so i was happy to find a replacement on amazon . 
i m in the process of building it up . 
but is the baby george all it s advertised to be ? yes and no is the ambivalent answer . 
i only wish it had an opener for chicken broth without taking the entire lid out . 
don t get it ishoulda reed the ddescription before i purchased it . 
if you leave one behind ,  hey ,  it s only $ totally pleased with these clever little gems . 
the ballpoint of the pens seem to stick when writing ,  not a smooth roller at all . 
this product ,  at its maximum dosage ,  made me feel slightly sleepy ,  like i d taken a benadryl . 
when i pour in my teacup it is still hot . 
just like the free ones from a new phone . 
all in all ,  this is an outstanding unit . 
i plugged my phone in and could drive knowing it was charging . 
some of the other drums i bought before had a lot more functionality and educational value to them . 
btw ,  it s for chinese family ,  not sure if the usage of cutting board is different . 
the crack is at the right rear corner and extends about eight inches from the top . 
it made good coffee and i would agree with most of the positive reviews of this unit . 
my only gripe is the velcro because it is loud . 
couldn t for the life of me ,  remember what these were called . 
so if you like a mildly seasoned beef jerky product this will probably appeal to you . 
do your dog a favor and buy something else . 
it just works ,  very little skill or time num_extend
the track is like every other track ball ever made ,  it has problems but its ok . 
shallots ,  garlic ,  parsley ,  cilantro are all nicely chopped and no longer simply shredded . 
with the rod arms extended the board will not be nearly as sturdy or useful . 
moisturized my lips slightly then put on the gloss . 
telephone cord is shorter than that stated on the label . 
get the simple human one ,  there is no noise and is super easy to put on a new roll . 
i also really like the sound that it makes . 
what can i say ?  a total waste of money . 
the inductive timing light is so much easier ,  at least where you have battery power . 
the edges frayed and it started to fall apart quickly . 
skip this one and get either :  kodak royal gold num_num or fuji superia num_extend
i guess for safety reasons that is ok . 
i need more lids and they are difficult to find . 
the odor is coming from the elastic band not the cups . 
the mouse would also fall off often from my tilted tray . i returned this and bought a logitech trackman . 
i do not want to have to be in pain when i wear my shoes . 
it s a small inexpensive item that really does a good job frothing milk for your lattes . 
my son had two of these corningware mugs . 
shipping was great ,  had no problem with it . 
i got these to bring left overs to work the following day . 
then after the second day i got tired of it . 
this one is larger than the others and the quality is much better . 
its a pain in the butt to use . 
and it has really cut my cook time down . 
i use this every day !  i love this . 
so i bought these protectors ,  and installed them . 
i would agree with reviewers that rate this speaker phone num_num or num_num stars . 
perfect stylus for the ipad . however ,  beware .  .  .  . in time this will start flaking badly . 
i was impressed at how many grams of protein are in this though . 
i highly recommend the additional battery power to those who want it . 
i was hoping that it would disassemble for cleaning like that one but it doesn t . 
this is a very minimalist case which is what i wanted . 
so far ,  i really prefer this grill and have been using it exclusively . 
hundreds of bowls of salsa ,  mountains of pie crust dough and barrels of shredded everything later . 
it is a big ,  lengthy ,  portion of natural cloth ,  i cut pieces of it and they last long . 
not enough material to cover a barbie doll . 
water gets trapped inside the pitcher between the filter reservoir and the transparent pitcher body . 
it is a metallic hot pink and very durable . 
i only hear it once and if it bothers you ,  you can follow instructions to turn that feature off . 
product took much longer to arrive than promised . 
you can t even tell what some of it is . 
i had to shore up the second level with a video cassette tape box which really worked . 
i removed it within a day of putting it on . 
if you want microfiber make sure the material actually feels like microfiber . 
the bags are listed as num_extend inches in size . 
i bought this as an alternative to the fire steels . 
plus it was so hard to unscrew the valve tip to add air . 
i ve had the $ krups and cuisinart models ,  which burned out within two years . 
the first year ,  it hardly got used ,  except at christmas . 
movement is awkward and laggy ,  even at low resolutions . 
not for me ,  for this type of accessory ,  it is better to go and see it before buying . 
yes ,  it was raining .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . but it wasn t like i was swimming or anything . 
it s relatively easy to pair with my iphone and it s comfortable to wear . 
it tastes like raw beans covered in bad chocolate syrup . 
it hasn t worked right since then . another problem is that it wastes an amazing amount of plastic material . 
i stopped using this pos headset my phone is doing just fine . 
but the crank handle always came loose and just spun round and round ,  making it useless . 
you drop it once ,  and it s broken and the blade no longer stays on the body . 
they ve proven so durable they still look brand new even after many years of use . 
it was too long height wise and too skinny width wise . 
anyway i ,  will give them to someone else . 
some of the levels were really bad but some were alright . 
i certainly do not feel the need to put it away ,  actually the opposite . 
it won t work . always preheat your cast iron before putting food in . 
i will still put  goldeneye  on the top of the list as being the forerunner in this category . 
i found the following recipe for crumpets on the internet . 
better to throw out a few unpopped kernels than a bowl of burned corn . 
it is so wide that i can t pour the ground coffee into the coffee filter without making a mess . 
the edge is fantastic as is to be expected with global . 
we have two of these chargers and four anker batteries . 
there are several different usb ends ,  enough that one can t tell by a seller s description which one it is . 
the serrated edge cuts without pressure so the baked goods are not compressed when slicing . 
mine has never been used and paint chipped off . 
these noodles are thicker than normal which is why the longer cooking time and claim to won t fall apart . 
for less than $ i will be honest; i didn t expect a great tool . 
i will go back to my old brand of eye cream . 
the extra voltage is also a great advantage . 
so i loaded the tank with the detergent and water and prepared myself for a dissapointing experience . to my surprise . 
bioschock was too compressed ,  too much voice over exposition . 
all it will do is just slow the discharge of a single num_extend let alone charge two devices connected . 
the fact that it s preseasoned makes it a lot easier on my part . 
it just works and i m happy with my purchase . 
only light sunglasses with small sides will work in this unit . 
this is equivilant to the sony disaster !  dont buy this malware if you value your operating system . 
this is why all the reviewers have sizing issues . 
my poor chihuahua would have only been dragging it on the ground . 
the first is the  jog  toggle that allows your character to run in tristram . 
there are much better ,  both convenient and healthy spices and herbs combinations  real food  to choose . 
do not buy this if you have windows xp home . 
i could get over the texture for the price but i can t get over the smell . 
i successfully made yogurt !  it was easy ,  and very much worth it . 
the sound quality and price are great ,  can t complain . 
the new flavor is overpowering and has an artificial aftertaste that lasts for at least half an hour . 
i wrote an email and never received feed back on it . 
i m able to replace the glass in about num_num minutes now ,  so maybe that is a consideration for some . 
it is much more convenient to use the cleansing pads by hand rather than with the skinvitalizer . 
it was hard to get on at first but it worked out . 
i bought several packs of this as spare or replacements after i bought fluval canister filter num_extend
i usually get num_num out of num_num helpful ,  and that s on a good day . 
less comfortable and less functional than normal underwear . 
they are oem from the folks at rimm  blackberry  . 
i wanted to be able to take something natural in place of ibuprofen etc . 
something that you all may never own up to . 
i also installed a num_extend card in the phone and reformatted the phone and all is great . 
i really wanted some pain relief; i wanted this product to work . 
i used it daily to hold dishes i have washed . 
i never fail to be impressed by how he helps people grow and learn about game development . 
asthetically ,  it is very homely looking ,  more like something you would scrub a car with . 
the blisters got worse ,  broke open ,  and it took over a week for my face to completely heal . 
it didn t lather up well and was harder to remove with water . 
i buy one for every phone i get . 
also ,  be sure to follow the care instructions :  this pan needs to be seasoned after use . 
take it off the can and it seems like it has full power . i wouldn t recommend it . 
if function is the most important issue ,  this is the best headset . 
it scares the crud out of my son . 
for $ something box ,  it is a great case . 
i guess that s about all one can ask for . 
ahh zelda ,  arguably the greatest video game franchise ever made . 
i don t know how i could have gone this long without having the calculator . 
these dogs run maybe num_num seconds giving a possible num_num supposed cleanings before rewind . 
i get none of what should be in all the reviews that are positive . 
the tips are awesome ,  and cover just about everything you could need . 
sometimes you get something nice for less money . 
never again flavor is nasty and you can not swallow  , wash down fast enough . 
we purchased this item used from amazon fulfillment . 
voice quality is good ,  range is strong and provides solid voice commands . 
don t know if it is ruining the surface or not . 
game is pretty much a fold out board with dots across leading to the other side . 
it is always nice to have an extra cup when baking . 
so i do recommend any one to buy it . 
other than that the item quality is good and it s holding up . 
that probably explains why it s rather boring tasting . 
don t use with modern cell phones if you value speed of charging at all . 
if your hair is oily ,  then i think this would be fine . 
you have to keep assigning units to do it . 
that alone is amazing and worth the price . another reviewer mentioned that this was heavy ,  making it hard to use . 
this is rather bland for a premium blend . 
but for now ,  this is the best travel mug on the market !  . 
i d replace them with the same product if i lost them . 
worked great for three weeks then cat just stopped responding . 
i started looking into the product reviews and several users have similar experiences if not worse . 
hay ,  i can food alot and this canner is great for that . 
as soon as you see it ,  you ll be struck that it looks like a work of art . 
the screw is teflon coated so it goes in easier to minimize tearing of the cork . 
our california water is very poor quality ,  which means i burn through the zero filters quickly . 
plus ,  for the price level ,  it works much better than anything i ever had from motorola . 
i researched amazon s reviews for a small num_extend player that i could use for running and working out with . 
i had to call them and talk to someone to get a return authorization . 
the top center portion should still be wet ,  but this when you may add cheese or other filling . 
but i put it on medium or high when we aren t in the room ,  and close the door . 
the framerate is the most serious problem :  even on an empty open road ,  the graphics can become jerky . 
i bought this item a few months ago and so far it has performed flawlessly . 
sadly i already ordered another one ,  the num_num mah for a christmas gift . 
purchased this product and i am very pleased with it . 
the younger girls will definitely not be able to use this . 
i really dont know much about this and i dont seem to have this issue . 
also i haven t had it randomly disconnect as i turn my head as my other one did . 
nintendo is reselling you a gamecube in a new box .  .  . don t be a fool . 
make sure you add water to any leftovers when reheating to maintain soft rice . 
if you have the choice between this and the xbox num_num version ,  however .  .  . you know which one to buy !   ?  . 
this machine is well worth buying ,  i will not buy anything else but one of these again . 
i had a hard time getting them to stay put . 
i am not a big fan of mexican food ,  but my husband is . 
the charger will show red while charging ,  then switch to a blue light when fully charged . 
i haven t had a problem yet but it just feels so very frail . 
my problem is that this product just doesn t last . 
love the innovative design of a two part case with a close and comfortable fit . 
i travel around with an iphone ,  blackberry bold ,  ipad ,  wireless hotspot ,  electronic cigarettes ,  and sometimes a camera . 
you ve saved me thousands over the years !  amazon is an impressive vendor ,  and its customers are even moreso . 
i was pretty disappointed with this ,  and will probably very rarely use it . 
i love the mini sized because they come out faster when serving a crowd . 
it had to be manipulated in order for it to charged correctly . 
i use her method to keep the carpet clean  spot treat; use only boiling water  . 
these are the perfect size and utility for my daughter ,  who has started buying her grains in bulk . 
once the coffee was done the smell mellowed a little but still was not appealing . 
went on easily without any mishaps and is wearing wonderfully . 
the man on it is a bit too big and heavy . 
i did not purchase this from amazon ,  but from target . 
i didn t like the fact that the stainless steel travel mug was plastic lined . 
buying a fresh battery from the rim source is important . 
the reception of the product is great but the earloop keeps falling off . 
the chips were awful !   wound up throwing the bag away . 
the handles stay remarkably cool while the pot heats up quickly and efficiently . 
can t believe the difference since i have been using the steamer . 
any fine ground sugar will make a great source of food . 
the consistency is nice ,  and a little drop goes a long way ,  but to me it smells rancid . 
based on the reviews ,  i did not expect the permanent filter ,  and there was not one in the box . 
i use them for everything ,  from bread to cookies ,  chicken breast to hamburger patties . 
we used at home num_num times the third one we realized that the  steinless steel  bowl was rusting . 
unfortunately the shoe that came was a soft footbed so i had to send it back . 
my samsung eternity fits perfectly in the leather pouch once i put the hard rubberized cover on the phone . 
i initially bought it to ease the pain of peeling garlic when i make num_num clove garlic chicken . 
it made such a difference on my desktop that i bought num_num brand new intellimice . 
most of the fruit recipes are gimmicky and contain too many ingredients . 
i don t know what made me request this product to review . 
having to  kill  the same boss monster over and over again makes you feel like you re going in num_extend
wasted my money for this slow hub .  .  . be aware that if you want to connect your printer ,  scanner ,  ipod etc . 
we are a paraben free household so will have to return . 
since most mobile devices connect via usb ,  this gives a great amount of flexibility . 
i cook for just me ,  so obviously this would be too big for everyday use . 
really ?  ! what a waste of money ,  i m sorry i ever bought it . 
it s not an easy or very appealing color to describe . 
this is overpriced for the amount of wheat grass you re getting . 
it has very good range especially with my panasonic cordless phone . 
ok ,  for a toddler to get this going takes a lot of effort . 
i bought two more and ran them in rooms our family uses most often . 
i have been using this for almost a month now and it keeps my tea very hot . 
i beat him on my first try and in less than a minute . 
perhaps this would have made armband too loose for those who don t use a case . 
the gauge is easy to read and has different settings . 
his purpose in life is to locate and destroy the squeaker . 
i make them for all holidays ,  weddings ,  and whenever the grandchildren are over . 
i m changing my review from num_num star to num_extend
the calories amounted to num_extend num_num of which were from fat . 
mind you i wear a size num_num and only num_num lbs . 
i didn t overwork it; i simply wanted to connect my laptop and my desktop to my dsl ethernet connection . 
here are a few pros and cons that i have come up num_extend
there are no conversation chains; just a number for each  tell me about  subject . 
at the time i placed my order ,  i didn t know about microplane s professional graters  the num_num series  . 
it has some very easy to understand instructions ,  and comes with cute little cloths ,  to wipe it . 
one star for amazon and their num_extend party seller ,  electronics expo . 
which makes me second guess how it was . 
you basically have to purchase a whole new dustbuster . 
there are other colors and it was hard to choose which color i wanted because i liked them all . 
these bags were purchased as a package with the cordless vacuum and replacement belts i purchased . 
we only have some factors that can increase your  risk .   ex . 
of the dozens of hot wheels we ve accumulated ,  none worked well . of course there isn t much to this toy . 
the first box to get stepped on will be gone . 
my outer box stopped snapping together with the internal protection . 
i have definitely gotten value for my money with this brand of cookware . 
announcers saying things at the wrong times or audio being cut off half way through their sentence . 
i had trouble keeping it together long enough to attach the acrylic panels . 
onguard uses laser cut keys ,  case hardened master lock padlocks are more secure than this u lock . 
we have about num_num pieces and this is one of our favourites . 
i will purchase again if i break the carafe for the num_extend time . 
had a rough time installing them  ,  i have the num_num magnum desert eagle vii produced in num_extend
however despite my skin being oilier ,  it still dried it out like crazy . 
bounds guarantees their products for life ,  i might just send this one back and try again . 
i bought a num_num cup as well which works well when you need to make a larger amount . 
she did not react immediately ,  but after a couple of days the product was also bothering her skin . 
if you tighten the screw the paddle moves up ,  loosen it and it will move down . 
i got the pink one for my wife even . 
eventually ,  i got around to buying one for myself and gave her one as a gift . 
but no she hates it ,  waste of money . 
it s all about the timing of when each ingredient goes in . 
using it with hot tap water is useless ,  even with the vapor packet in the water . 
i never realized how much difference good knives made . 
spend a few extra bucks and get a good one instead ,  and avoid the headaches . 
once again i should have listened to what others were saying about this product . 
buyers beware !  this product is not even worth buying . 
then i turned my head and the dryer fell off and broke the stand . 
heavy batter or a fuller bowl can relatively easily lift this shield up . 
again this item is not available  model num_extend
cooks eggs perfectly every time ,  and they taste better than when made on teflon previously . 
sometimes i have to do it several times just to get it to charge my iphone . 
i have the belly band as long as it can go but it isnt enough . 
my concerns are that aluminum should never be used in cooking utensils . 
glad i tried to get it ready early rather than waiting . 
water sits in it all of the time .  .  . no rust or tarnish at all . 
i purchased it for my cell phone but it s way too small to hold any cellphone . 
however ,  after extensive decades use ,  they had to go . 
upon arrival ,  the pitcher appeared well made and stylish . 
be careful if you decide to purchase other cheaper backup batteries . 
i would of given it num_num stars because it died num_num months after i purchase it right out of warranty  . 
and after a while it never recharged again ,  so i had to tossed in the trash . 
the ear buds were also a perfect and comfortable fit and the most important thing .  .  . it stays on your ear . 
despite being smaller than my other blue tooth the comfort is much better on this one . 
i like it so much i bought it twice ,  after the first one was destroyed in a fire . 
at first i didn t realize i needed to calibrate this thing . 
lastly ,  my dogs weren t even interested in the treats that fell on the floor . 
current glass ,  including pyrex ,  is very durable; i have never broken a piece . these bowls work brilliantly for myriad uses . 
this  feature  is a little disconcerting and makes me wonder what other tricks it is playing on me . 
so i bought these for our almost num_num year old for christmas . 
oh well ,  they made me laugh and then i had to thrown them out . 
i did not purchase this oster breadmaker on amazon . 
 wow !  it is also very quiet in comparison to other machines . 
none . i immediately repacked this item and will be returning it for a refund . 
i still have this and i still really love it . 
my bed is low so i just put the controller underneath it ,  behind the bed skirt . 
the initial ones i received were awesome !  the second set was not . 
the first replacement unit from sony would not boot up ,  so it also went back to sony . 
bought this based on the reviews and what a waste of money . 
this filter is great if you have a small fridge . 
i understand that there are upgrades to the  red  . 
it is also drying ,  which is weird for a moisture lotion . 
i highly recommend it . i m just blown away by the feel and the price . 
i ve verified each morning that the switch was in the  on  position . 
i have had it going on a year now .  . update january num_extend i own num_num of these . 
i say num_extend because i put num_num regular num_extend packs and num_num larger one . 
don t waste your money on any other plastic handle type . 
i replaced the battery in about num_num minutes . 
i used it daily ,  kept it clean ,  and charged it as recommended . 
it comes with a string set to hang from the ceiling but we played with ours and it popped . 
read the user s guide which walked me through an easy assembly and proceeded to cook a pot of beans . 
not for serrated blades ,  ceramic blades or certain japanese blades  wrong angle for santoku etc  . read the manual and practice . 
yes ,  the machine does have a rather loud beep to tell you the coffee is done . 
i like the battery meter on top and the easy on and off button . 
in general ,  i don t have a problem with long dungeons . 
i have made small amounts in this larger size model and it is still cooked perfectly . 
i received this product on april num_extend num_extend
i m pretty sure i could pull all of the bristles out if i wanted to . 
this is a single sheet of fabric ,  supposedly reusable many times . 
i was hoping to use it to connect an htc evo to an older television . 
it just bothers more particular people like me . 
within a month ,  she was complaining that the glass screen had become loose . 
who designed this thing ?  all it does is get smashed and caught in everything and get in the way . 
one of the things that turn doesn t fit well and falls out . 
this isn t true of all topical flea treatments .  .  . but it s true of frontline plus . 
wow ,  i can t believe i bought this ,  was a pile of trash . 
these units make the best tasting coffee i have ever had . 
the color seems to match well with the photograph ,  and the item itself is attractive . 
so ,  for slightly more than the price of a new hamilton beach unit ,  i can replace the work bowl . 
second ,  if you have it it dragges across the screen and the end of the tool is too wide . 
most all wilton sprinkles are okay; they aren t the best taste . 
here you just raise it up ,  and then pluck it out . 
great holder . my only complaiwe is the foam parts were damaged when i received the package . overall is great ,  highly recommend . 
i am extremely satisfied with this chrome trimmed cover . 
heats up fast but does not curl and my hair curls easily with everything else . 
i went in started the tub and got in and used my regular shampoo and conditioner . 
so they handed it over to the younger cousins ,  ages num_num num_extend
what a terrible product !  it broke literally in num_num minutes of normal use . 
i bought this pan because i did not own a bundt pan and it was highly reviewed on amazon . 
i am having to hold him on the table to keep him from hanging himself on the noose portion . 
i would have given it num_num stars if not for the exterior fabric becoming brittle . 
the small pour spout is hard to clean but otherwise and great kitchen tool . 
we used to drive num_num minutes and wait num_num hour for deep dish pizzas at our favorite place . 
breakfast will be my important meal of the day once again . 
these technically make the pots a little lighter ,  but not enough to justify the cost . 
this is the best iphone num_extend case that i have ever had  and i ve gone through quite a few  . 
i thought my nose and sinuses would explode from the intense wasabi sting . 
i ve had similar products to this ,  but this is both the most compact and most reliable i ve used . 
i don t think it works very well at all . 
i bought this to use after having hip replacement surgery . 
if anyone out there knows of a slipper that will support my tired feet ,  please share the information . 
if you need a replacement battery ,  this isn t a knock off ,  it is quality . 
when the grinder arrived ,  we were careful to follow all the recommendations and have had no problems at all . 
compared to other toys ,  this puzzle just doesn t hold up to regular use by a toddler . 
the wbcl had a slightly less offensive smell ,  but the clumping capabilities were not as good as nm . 
the ricer is very well made ,  as are most oxo good grips products and it works perfectly . 
while it looks pretty good in my kitchen ,  its actual ability to toast is very poor . 
i want a kombucha crock with spigot eventually ,  then i will use this jar for pickled eggs . 
the battery life you will receive with this seidio num_extend extended battery is simply amazing . 
its comfortable and gives the secret agent look . 
i have the game guide in may bath room . 
i ll put it in the first aid kit ,  but we won t be using it every day . 
i don t use it as much as i used to ,  but still do occasionally . 
they are built to perform and to last . 
i just don t think this thing gets cold enough . 
these are advertized as % cotton .   last i checked ,  that meant all cotton ,  nothing else . 
we have tried electric and mechanical can openers ,  none of which worked very well . 
i have not had this problem at all . 
nice shape to start but shrinks fast after washes . 
my brother got this for his earthlink dsl . 
if ,  playing ,  outside keep mat on a level surface . 
i don t recomend ordering these unless you want to have a whole house full of kids . 
great for whatever use you may need it for . 
two ,  my cat was afraid of it !  he wouldn t even approach it . 
there is a variety of tops to use depending on what you have in the bottle . 
it has a delicate look ,  but seems to be very strong ,  a very nice weight in the hand . just lovely . 
forget about it disolving in water !  not very appetizing . 
they all pale in comparison to other games in the genre like fatal frame ,  resident evil ,  and clocktower . 
have not cooked with it ,  but it s great as a mold . 
could not get a good focus on higher magnification . 
i really liked that the product had the wrong and the right sides marked . 
i wrote olympus twice over a year ago ,  but they never responded . 
many a ramen noodles were eaten the week i wasted my money on this . 
this is a natural and yet no one builds such a unit that i can find . 
i cook a lot of those marinated flank steaks from costco ,  my kids love them . 
the lather puffs up and then disappears in less than a minute . 
regardless ,  the mattress shouldn t give out after a few normal uses . 
an expensive product with sleek look ,  but poor manufacturing quality . 
here is the result : the point is not whether it is naturally occurring ,  or whether it contains other nutrients . 
i read all the reviews on this and other brands before purchasing . 
rip offs of the seven dwarves from snow white . 
slippery to hold ,  thin ,  came cracked ,  sent back . 
they re blingy and glitzy and girly !  !  it s not the most protection but it is a pretty case !  . 
i figured out that one of the air valves on the pump itself doesn t work any more . 
customer service told me to unplug the card before booting up and then insert the card . 
i d give this five stars if the sizing were accurate . 
took me a couple of months to work up the nerve to use it . 
too many times the cheaper charger fail quickly and have odd sized plugs . 
you can t ask to behave as a wifi hotspot with this small battery . gps is accurate and fast . 
good price point on this unit ,  i was happy with my purchase . 
the color is really nice and it fits very well . 
a roll of quilt batting will last months . 
it is just long enough to hold my serrated tomato knife and my longer cheese blade . 
i ve purchased two of these to replace the two from kitchen aid . 
i had an old motorola razor cell phone ,  but it would not charge . 
i got mine new at a thrift store ,  but the price here is cheap as well . 
i guess the opening around the flash is not big enough and the flash bounces off of the cover . 
this is very flimsy and doesn t provide support worth mentioning . 
the clean solution tank holds one gallon of water  one reason for the light weight  . 
my boyfriend s mother uses these cookie sheets too and i plan to order a set of my own now . 
i have tried this product only num_num times since purchasing num_num months ago . 
i haven t eaten it in years ,  and i had heard that it s much improved recently . 
almost every package had alot of burnt tasting veggie sticks . 
peanut ,  grape seed ,  and corn oil add different flavors . 
but thats all the game excel s at ,  graphics . 
it s perfect for citrus zest for baking and parmesan cheese for cooking . 
i love butter so this item was a must . 
imperial glory suffers from one major flaw :  it tries to be num_num games at once . 
since these are to be used by folks doing sports etc . 
also ,  the scent is a bit unattractive ,  almost like some kind of clay . 
it s a hassle of course and i hate having to buy all the refills . 
well ,  i discovered why it didn t work very well . 
for the money the tecsun num_extend is much better . 
the microphone and speaker are completely covered but do not impede the transmission of sound . 
this might work for the kind of dark circles caused by fatigue which mine aren t . 
i bought this for two large puppies that play with everything . 
this is better than my swiffer since it vacuums up dust and pieces that the swiffer doesn t . 
the coating so thin you can wipe it off with your fingers . 
add to that the thickness of the door edge and there is even less . 
but i will probably take it away from him . 
i was looking for pure aloe vera juice for health reasons . 
pirate s booty makes popped chips that are way better . 
don t waste your money on a knock off wand . 
after reading all the reviews i thought my dog was going to scarf this food down . 
this case does a good job of recharging your iphone ,  as you would assume it would . 
i am furious !  i had ordered them last march and they were wonderful . 
the game tested you in many catagories ,  and in the end ,  you were a better gamer than before . 
the serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp . 
if you have narrow feet ,  this is the shoe for you . 
this is a great mini chopper for prep work or light duty chopping . 
the ones with mixed colors are so much better . 
but ,  assuming that i don t wash our carpets that often  once every year . 
my do has long hair  shih tzu  so maybe it will work for short hair dogs . 
and the soft stayhear silicone tip keeps the headset comfortably and securely in place . 
i went back to my old camera bag . 
this was a gift purchase for our son num_num who loves camping out in the wilderness on his own . 
great buy really for anyone that enjoys wok cooking this is awesome . 
oz and decided to give it a try . 
this is not what was expected at all . 
cable is flexible and seems to have ok strain relief on both ends . 
doesn t slide on or mount correctly in anyway . 
i truly thought i had already written a review . 
i highly recommend this over juicing by hand or with a reamer . 
definitely big enough for triple batches of cookies ,  but doesn t fit under the cabinets . 
also when this charger is being used it will get very warm . 
last few times i tried to make smoothies ,  they ended up tasting like burnt rubber . 
i do not hunt from a stand or blind . 
i wish there was a  reset  button so it could point north . 
it s a good quality hanger and dead useful . 
i only wish that i had purchased it sooner . 
well i bought these num_extend because of the sound quality i read about during the opinions . 
i tried this a while ago ,  back when i had bad body acne in my teens . 
normally i love lodge cast iron cookware but this item should not have been shipped to anyone . 
now ,  as other have mentioned ,  adding more legs doesn t increase speed more than a better num_extend foot . 
other than the  flower shears  that we seem to have lost ,  these scissors get used several times a week . 
but after about a year of use ,  i began breaking out and just thought it was my skin . 
it does great job and sharpens all my knives very well . 
they are no good at all for an outside living farm dog . 
doesn t slice spongy eggplant well ,  but does great on many other veggies . 
i was sad when eventually my rhinestones chipped off . 
hate the plastic ones ,  and these are much easier to put in your curtain . 
i love this vacuum and want get another one . 
they are super easy to clean ,  they don t stain ,  and the lids all fit tightly . 
the holes on the front don t line up for the screws that are mandates by the airlines . 
i could almost get the phone into the position that i liked . 
i am going to purchase another one because i often need more than one spoon when i am cooking . 
i haven t used the audio output feature yet but i m sure it works perfectly . 
diswasher safe ,  they easily snap on and off the plastic ring which makes them convenient to hang . 
i guess there is a reason why it is so cheap . 
this sealer seems to pull air out of the bottle as i screw it shut . 
it is not nice to have that portion tracked out . 
naughty dog and sony released crash bandicoot ,  which rivaled the likes of mario and sonic . 
not to mention all my kids turned out to be . 
i have had this coffee maker for over a year . 
this holster will not fit a glock num_num sf gen num_num firearm . 
we use it every night to cook our steel cut oatmeal in . 
i bought this to replace that one thinking it would give me more support that the $ one . 
i see a definite design flaw here ,  but it looks like when they do work ,  they work well . 
wish the head had a tough scrub brush ,  but i suppose the flat plastic scraper thingy works as well . 
i don t think it will break ,  just feels weird . 
i dont use programmables ,  since that defeats the purpose of getting the best out of coffee beans . 
she has never gone back to it even when extremely bored . 
in the past months i had bought two more from other seller . 
half the price of the cell phone store for the same item . 
i am always searching for something to protect my cellular phone . 
i had to go back to my acne soap and the chemical peels . 
these are cheap and make the roomba more efficient . 
i run it all day ,  usually at the lowest setting ,  but turn it on high when i leave . 
i use lush razorantium and it is far superior . 
the new design eliminates this problem but requires more work . 
the other spinners i had broke and were hard to clean . 
i guess that is what i am going to have to buy again . 
this is the second set of boards we ve purchased . 
i will just use this cloth to clean my computer screens . 
i returned it even though it looked cute . 
at one time ,  i was on hold for num_num min . 
he s always liked it ,  despite the bulk ,  but now it s num_extend more than paid for itself . 
i don t think the ribbed panini presses are as useful . 
some cases impair the use of the buttons but this case doesn t and allows full functionality of them . 
it was ok tasting but not enjoyed enough to try again . 
needed these for my dehydrater for smaller fruits so they don t fall through the racks . 
no problems inserting into my ears and keeps planrronics in place . 
i was looking for a product that would not require charging every couple of days or so . 
prefect alternative for your old wire whisk and no worries on your expensive cook wear . 
so ,  zero stars as a product to cook food in . 
although i am not an engineer ,  i had no difficulty putting this together . 
i think i ll leave this kind of thing to the professionals !  . 
excellent for those with limited space for sprices . 
we have had this toaster for over num_num years . 
they are only slightly larger than the breath freshener strips . 
but ,  if you have a sense of smell at all ,  avoid this cable . 
when not in use ,  all three baskets nestle into each other for storage . 
the problems ,  though ,  are too numerous to overlook ,  and i won t be playing it again . 
i was going to buy a rowenta ,  but consumer reports recommended this one and i bought it . 
this carrier has an obvious flaw in that it creates more of a sail . 
plus ,  you get a year s supply of brush heads . 
with just about any blade grinder you have the problem of the grind not being even . 
here in venezuela works with all the companies even in num_extend
the range of the headset is quite good ,  but i get more static in my apartment . 
read the directions when you first get it ,  spend a few minutes num_extend
i enjoy it with a little olive oil and himalayan sea salt . 
it pairs with both of my phones at the same time just by turning it on . 
iphone num_num has a higher resolution ,  but color saturation and black levels are just stunning . 
i didn t mind the greasy feeling of it . 
i do not recommend this product at all . 
because of it s coloring ,  it also makes the poop more obvious . 
thought i could watch videos from youtube on this phone ,  oops ,  not a chance . 
i used it for ice cream as well as watermelon and many more stuff . 
that also means that you re not gonna be able to get all the bubbles out . 
i like to take long hot baths and read . 
the demo made it painfully obvious that splinter cell isn t worthy to scrape the grime from under mgs s toenails . 
i thought it might be the distance to the antenna  at the car rear  . 
the connections are firm and positive ,  i have not had any problems . 
some reviewers praised it and others thought it is a piece of chinese junk . 
since this purchase ,  she has had no issues with battery life and loves this !  . 
out of then box it seems that anything made by samsung  apps  worked % without bothersome adjustments . 
the detailing on all these pans is deep and sharp and puts other shaped pans to shame . 
so ,  although the primary purpose of this toy is vanity ,  i like the creative and artistic aspect of it . 
worth the money if you get it installed as designed . larry . 
i should have paid attention to the num_num star comments . 
it is a kitchen tool that will not go unused . 
i haven t tested the usb port yet though . 
we own several older chicago cutlery knives and have been satisfied with them . 
i have had several mundi wallets and all were well made and lasted a long time . 
my normal case is a much harder plastic ,  which is actually difficult to remove from my phone . 
i like the whole concept of the case a lot more than i liked the case itself . 
this is by far the best and easiest can opener i ve ever used . 
i like the percolator first because i love really hot coffee . 
i bought a facemaster and it works much better and can be used all over the face . 
he didn t really like using this when we were training him for puppy pads . 
i notice this has only one heat vent not several like the older model . 
small and stylish but large enough for most bluetooth . 
it smells awful ,  the scent is wayyy to strong and smells like something a granny would wear . 
however for the money and certain situations this is a great lens to own and carry . 
it pops into the dishwasher after use and provides insulation to keep the coffee warm after pressing . 
we have had zero issues with connecting to our phones ,  and it pairs up nicely every time . 
so even if you managed to get a few clustery snacks ,  it was just granola stuck together . 
i had to give up baking from scratch due to arthritis until i got this mixer . 
we use plastic and other safe utensils that should not have made any marks . 
you could have at least given us something good and not a clunky black box with dvd playback . 
this one has more suction than i d imagined ,  and it is very light . 
it cuts your cake layers perfectly even ,  quickly and easily . 
the new crisps looks like they kept them in the oven for an hour too long . 
that had my dog leaping around like a puppy the next day . 
this is by far the easiest humidifier i ve had to refill . 
i have had to return the under warranty machine and get another more times than i care to count . 
the norprp cast iron panini press is a very good and useful gadget . 
i ordered num_extend and it fits me perfectly and is very comfortable for maybe half a day . 
i tried to weigh her several times on this scale ,  and she consistently weighed num_extend pounds . 
it was shipped promptly ,  not really much i can say about it other than it fits the jars . 
that is ,  if you can get them to work . 
i play guitar and my thin nails take a beating ,  so i ve tried several products . 
the potential for good quality is there ,  but one of the combs was severely deformed . 
maybe it can t be called fraud as a legal charge ,  but it s certainly misrepresentation . so to be blunt . 
i have one of those big red fancy popcorn machines on a cart and i love it . 
it s four years now and it s still performing flawlessly . 
this is not the rubbery type of nylabone . 
these idiots didn t think of that and considering this design is a higher risk application ,  leaks ,  overheating etc . 
they fall apart or are not strong enough to hold a big back of chips closed . 
way too concentrated w way too much stevia . 
great for tethering your phone with a laptop or charging from your desk . 
until you try these ,  you won t realize how poorly most kitchen implements are designed . 
i was making a zebra cake and it turned out perfectly . 
this version of toss across is just not the same as the one i enjoyed as a kid . 
i have owned many oxo products over the years . 
for one ,  the clip attached to the barrel is poorly designed ,  and difficult to clip to your shirt pocket . 
i have not tried removing it . when it comes to durability it has managed to hold up pretty well . 
let me first say that the company is friendly and easy to work with . 
it opens big cans as well as it does small ones like those little tomato paste cans . 
i did try it again after using aubrey for a while and i was very disappointed . 
a couple months later ,  the plastic underneath the fine grater broke off . 
they are easy to wash and make for a nice accent . 
i am using all of the ones i ordered and i may have to order another set . 
who knew ?  easy way to get your daily serving of veggies . 
eventually ,  the two devices would fail to reconnect . 
it does everything it is supposed to do . 
they both love it and i would recommend this to anyone . 
excellent design ,  sturdy so plates can be stacked in the microwave ,  functions perfectly . 
i ve had my first pair for about two months now and just ordered another . 
i could hear faint high pitched sound when placed to my ear but dogs didn t . 
i wanted tongs that would not scratch my nonstick cookware and these are just right . 
i need to order another pair of cans . 
i would not recommend anyone waste their money on this product that s being distributed by amazon . 
i have had no problems with this thermometer . 
i have wooden cutting boards that i cover with these . 
it s a simple item ,  but is up to kitchenaid standards . 
nothing !  it even made my num_extend stand mixer look weak . 
the battery sits over the ear and is balanced perfectly . 
all this with a very readable display and small enough to keep in your shirt pocket . 
or maybe it s just a bad translation ?  all in all ,  not really worth the bother . 
super stiff leather ,  and the shaft of the boot ,  which is suede ,  did not seem well made . 
after a poor experience with the kensington dock ,  i eventually bought this and it is perfect in every way . 
i tried this out with my dog last night and was expecting miracles according to the other reviews . 
after breakfast wipe it out with a paper towel and put it away . 
because it s strapped so tight ,  i have actually got a bruise when i did bicep curls . 
this is great when you want to just check how the cooking is going . 
the low grips are too low and the top ones are too high . 
they won t rub on it ,  despite my adding organic num_extend party catnip to it . 
it fits the phone very well and will protect it on small drops . 
there is a button on the top to search for the best signal ,  but i found it was unreliable . 
my picky cat would not eat ?  i m sure the product is good but she would t eat it . 
i usually mix some real sugar with stevia . 
i do not know if the hard plastic would scratch the phone or not . 
we also noticed an effect on tabu ,  our num_num year old rescued feral . 
looks exactly like the apple charger and works wonderfully . 
we try going to the dr first and take the pills he prescribed with no luck . 
they told me  we put these in all of our bikes .   ok ,  so they last me about four months . 
i think i payed like $ for it so whatever . 
if i d got it elsewhere it would ve been num_extend and still might not have worked . 
i love this case ,  the color is really nice with the white iphone . 
the color was so vivid at the first sight ,  but . 
it feels good in the hand and becomes an extension of it . 
the first two types ,  from different manufacturers have been great . 
these are too expensive for a % failure rate !  . 
needed a panini press for my le crueset square grill pan . 
don t be fooled by promises of beachy looking waves ,  or any sort of waves for that matter . 
it makes me want to ship it back . 
oh goodie ,  something else to recharge and keep up with . 
you could probably get a cheap stone set at a camping store and get better results . 
the bunnies have never performed consistently since we got the game . 
and they double as a headset to make calls ,  which is a plus . 
it is affordable ,  easy to use ,  and cleans well . 
i recommend two important points when shopping for a purifier :  num_extend always examines the cadr number . 
this case is thin and looks like it belongs on the phone . 
nor does the software allow you to create a separate folder for each recorded program . 
we got these for christmas for my three year old . 
now this one even with this years new computer  ,  massive memory and top of the line video card . 
every time i made tomato sauce i would scorch it unless i stood right there and stirred . 
it works especially well for grinding chunks of venison . 
this is not the average thin ,  wimpy apple slicer you may have seen . 
hand wash and immediately dry it and wipe it down with just a hint of oil after every use . 
my num_extend walmart binoculors were better than this expensive piece of equipment . 
get it !  !  !  !  yes !  !  !  !  i did not have problems with the garlic sticking at all . 
i have had two sets of these given my kids at different times and they were a big disappointment . 
it s a little tight on my ears ,  but not painful . 
usually takes at least num_num to num_num attempts to get even a moderate seal . 
the welbuilt undercooked the bread ,  the cuisinart burned it . 
the age factor on this toy is very wrong . 
i would definitely recommend giving them a try . 
pictures taken to be stitched at medium to maximum shift will not match in luminosity . 
like nintendo couldn t have possibly ok d a game that uses one button . 
i m sure there are very good copies of this lens ,  i just didn t get one of them . 
the different length cords to the earbuds don t bother me . 
when i ordered my droid incredible i knew i needed an otterbox . 
with the enclosed directions no one could go wrong with this . 
i did not pay upwards of num_num bucks for this ,  either . 
these are cute boots ,  however ,  ,  ,  ,  , the right boot was at least one size smaller than the left boot . 
works so much better than a double boiler type steamer ,  or in pot steamers . 
i seriously can t believe how well this product is rated . 
i bought three of these and mounted without problem to back splash and installed the various utinsels . 
emptied the container and could see everything it sucked up . 
in breezy conditions the microphone was not affected . 
my wine stays nice and ready in the frig . 
i use it for almost anything that s going on the stove . its faults :  nothing serious . 
six weeks later my knee is still healing and my right arm is a long way from being right . 
my wife is very sensitive to sleep aids  medical or  natural  . 
i m not sure how this has so many good reviews . 
pushed the button ,  and added the water slowly as directed . 
i am fairly new to the bunny world and have been doing a lot of research . 
so glad to have this back in my kitchen once again . 
none of my friends could use this pump at all . mounting is good though . 
do not buy this unless you are one of the above ddr fanatics . 
amazon is still the best place to buy them ,  but just make sure what you really want first . 
i love the minimal static in the glass collection cup . 
enough for a dessert for my husband ,  daughter ,  and myself for two nights running . 
it looks cool but isn t a practical choice for a kid . 
both the car and wall charger broke easily . 
i gave this num_num stars just because she can get it down . 
done ,  next kitchen tool to research  :    . 
unlike some similar products ,  nothing seems to stick to these mats . 
because then the whole unit would be rock solid . 
and when you open a bag don t be surprised to find mostly broken pieces inside instead of whole crisps . 
i originally got this for in the garage as well ,  for mixing catalyzed paints and clear finishes . 
it is powerful ,  easy to use and easy to clean ,  and the shopping experience thru amazon can t be beat . 
the gameplay is the same as ever and it gets very repetitive and dull . 
so far i had num_num gamesharks ,  both of which were defective . 
it s not as easy to clean anymore ,  but at least my food comes out normal . 
the four stars missing is for the worst quality i ve ever seen in my life . 
the color is true and the protection is good too . 
but .  .  .  .  .  .  . i purchased this to just leave in the car to use during an emergency . 
it is easy to use and toasts quickly and fairly evenly . 
or if your focus is ssb ,  get the grundig yacht boy num_extend
second time of applying this product ,  it got worse . 
i tried unsuccessfully for a half day to uncurl four of these . 
it might agree with others and it looks like a quality product . 
i have purchased as good of protectors in bulk packs that ran me only a couple dollars . 
the ones they now make are made out of a totally different kind of glass . 
and % of the time ,  gets out all of the core and seeds . 
it has been out for a year now and there have been no reports of the unit overheating . 
in the past i have used the cheap plastic hangers bought as cheap stores . 
love corelle !  i had some inferior dishes for awhile ,  bulky ,  heavy ,  and got screaming hot in the microwave . 
i learned it from new trent s website after i made those mistakes . 
spend the extra money for chargers that last . 
i d order another one if i had the need . 
this product shows as a nude lipstick pencil . 
i d never played a mgs game before ,  started with this one . 
i really wush it was num_extend or more longer . 
 also comes with a heavy gage plastic lid to guard contents from moisture .   will purchase again . 
the picture does not do this unit justice as most would overlook it as just a normal dispenser . 
this thing has just been a pain and i can t wait to get rid of it . 
makes bacon nice and flat and easier to cook . 
i ve used it on a mellon and a watermellon . 
they didn t like so now i have num_extend
worth buying it ,  but don t pay more than $
like most kensington accessories ,  this works as expected . 
another plus is that i feel like a professional chef when i use these !  . 
i love the storage box but you have to line it up just right for it to snap on . 
battery life is short ,  about one continuous hour on a recent call . 
this pan is just perfect for a half a loaf . 
i got so frustrated ,  i was about to throw this thing out of the window . 
you need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good . 
i guess people believe what they are told . 
for me there is nothing better to cook with . 
i saw some complaints about this and dismissed them . 
the only draw back is that the cord doesn t retract . 
a really special feeling using this very big num_extend
i have to say ,  these are the worst granola bars i ve ever had . 
this is a good looking case but it provides poor protection . 
however ,  it made my face break out into small white heads . 
however ,  do note that this style of headset with its mic positioning may present a challenge . happy listening !  . 
you need to do nothing if the bottle is just out of wine fridge . 
my decision was cemented when it stopped working after one day of use . 
it is quite large if you are only frying one type of food without the center piece in there . 
the bristles aren t soft but they are not stiff either . 
you don t need this processed horrible tasting things . 
the plug is tiny and can be used to charge any other device using a mini usb . 
first time my cat tried to play with it  in seconds  ,  it fell down on top of my cat . 
otherwise ,  since it wasn t expensive ,  i consider it a satisfactory buy . 
you can use bar keeper s friend to keep everything shining like new . 
this product would be vastly superior if it had one of those . 
i want to love it because it is easy to apply and the smell is mild . 
these scissors are good enough to cut chicken bones ,  and they come apart for cleaning . 
now it does have a more powerful fan than the num_num and creates more white noise . 
my wife actually had this on her wishlist and i purchased it for xmas i believe . 
long time before expiration .  .  .  .  . but buying these single from this company was not goo good . 
he s only num_num so is too young based on the suggested age however the construction quality here is bogus . 
i took one dump in num_num days and just dropped a few pebbles in that time frame . 
i bought this to use as an adapter for the kindle num_extend
it was not a very helpful or convenient product . 
but it wouldn t if the machine itself wasn t fabulous . 
iodex is becoming both increasingly scarce and expensive . 
so i was hoping this would work to help me cope better with that . 
we are exchanging it for another brand of litter box . 
combine this with the right exercise and you ll be on the way to health living . 
i guess i d have to say ,  i like everything about this case . 
this works ,  but because its so small it breaks easily . 
keeps the phone nice and tidy and doesn t cover up the camera button . 
the product inside the bottle would get num_num stars if i could get to it . 
but let s start with one thing at a time . 
first ,  the cops are way too good for this game ,  even better than the first . 
now ,  i ve played the later iterations of phantasy star ,  and i loved them . 
i was fearful that he may drop his phone and needed the added protection . 
these are the reasons : the doll has fabric legs that in my opinion will get dirty after awhile . 
i was fixing to do some mixing in my kitchen one day . 
the machine is nicely and snugly packaged with styrofoam and cardboard . 
piece of carp that keeps falling apart and the lens is blurry . 
brings back the old days when mama cooked sticks of cornbread to die for . 
extended battery requires different case and this is the one for protection . 
did not get much use out of this one . 
i didn t have heartburn with this coffee but i didn t like the flavor . 
it also stings my eyes ,  i will not purchase again . 
will be getting lots of use out of this cake pan  . 
lastly ,  i took out the ice cream and put it in a container . 
a food processor and a blender do process things very differently and now ,  i wouldn t be without either one . 
these are very sweet and crumble a lot . 
this was actually more expensive than finding one in a store like walmart or target ,  but i needed one . 
it doesn t hold up to simple dropping and handling . 
this is an inferior phone with tons of issues . 
when i opened it up i noticed there was only one battery when there should have been two . 
just because it has a canon logo on it does not make it a great purchase . 
this game seemed to be perfect in premise; discover the city filled with zombies and fight in it . 
this extra rack really helps to free up space . 
the only difference ,  however ,  is the handle style . 
this keeps them in tip top condition and always ready for their next use . 
it s the same product my cell phone provider tried to sell for $
this is still way to light for my skin . 
i really thought this tool would be quicker than using the magnetic wand . 
this particular flavor seemed to give them all diarrhea though ,  sadly . 
syncing media with your iphone is much easier . 
tall and narrow ,  it avoids the splatter i ve experienced with shorter ,  wider measuring cups . 
i had my skepticism due to the size of sticks yet was advertised for large dogs . 
you will not be pouring the powder on your ipod or the screen case . 
but this mitt has made the cleaning and care process simple and easy . 
with multiple device connection ,  i can use my cell and voip at the same time . 
not all of the kit are needed . the lift span of the priers aren t very good . 
no extra space in the bowl to prevent over flow . 
was not what i thought it was going to be . 
i had high hopes for this organic popcorn . 
it lasted through num_num uses ,  with a burning smell . 
i love this small canner so much ,  i m going to get a larger one ,  too . 
just got mine delivered today ,  and couldn t wait to try it out . 
strange ,  but when i pay for something ,  i expect value for money . 
each person that i have given one to has really enjoyed it . 
not that disgusting  tube o pasta  from the box . 
very convenient and would recommend anyone buying this . 
and the buttons are more difficult to press and it is not musical . 
the original galaxy s has a somewhat larger bezel which is coated with a chrome finish . 
i received my moustache comb and scissor and was immediately struck by the shoddy quality of them . 
don t have one bad thing to say about it . 
i order the brown ,  thinking i had ordered black . 
i clean and maintain it meticulously so that is not the issue . 
the sharpener was well padded and wrapped in plastic . 
first i d like to note that the first splinter cell was a very enjoyable game . 
finally ,  we also use it for home roasting coffee ,  which is a cool hobby if you really love coffee . 
the case it comes with helps cover the point and that is a good thing to have . 
this coffee maker looks great on the countertop . 
i have had two blueant num_extend prior to this and i love the quality and features of them . 
this coffee maker makes excellent coffee and is priced right . 
i just let them soak a few minutes . 
i guess i will just keep it for backup . 
they clean up easily with a soak and a soft brush . 
otherwise ,  be a wiz kid before you think about installing this yourself . 
i suspect the confusion is over how capacity is measured . 
the sound :  why won t the announcers shut up ?  ? i m not gonna even bother rating this on my usual scales . 
i ordered a num_num but dont know if ordering a size bigger would make a difference in the width . 
i keep it in the fridge to cool it as i do most of my eye creams . 
it s a good pressure cooker that works well for most of my cooking . 
i didn t really have a good idea of how small it actually was . 
it s about as slick as it gets and is always slipping out of my hand . 
i am usually very pleased with products received from amazon . 
so for chopping things fast if somewhat inconsistent in size ,  this is great . 
i simply do not understand the negative reviews . 
update num_extend i sent watch back to seller who credited my credit card with purchase amount and shipping . 
it doesn t last long at parties ,  that s for sure . 
this book was recommended by my cake decorating instructor . 
after reading other reviews ,  i thought i would give this reconditioned kitchenaid food processor a try . 
i purchased the oxo good grips large cookie scoop  oxo item number :  num_extend
the graphics are great ,  but the level design looks like it was inspired by star wars . 
when the three pieces came ,  i said oh i ll just have need for one . 
it ended up wrecking my lock button and i had to send it in to get fixed . 
product seemed to dry very quickly when placed on face . 
comfortable around the neck and i forget about them . 
the cable i received was way more thick as well as the body around the actual num_extend end . 
actually ,  this could be a good paring with seafood ,  because i sometimes detect a slight fishiness in the taste . 
i purchased this brush for the sole purpose of cleaning out my cast iron pans . 
the size of this is great for a refrigerator with little space . 
i recommend following  bahama dude s comprehensive instructions for a simple and easy installation . 
i use it to remove pizza from my oven . 
red cayenne color is much more durable and appealing over the red  the pictures don t do it justice  . 
the finish is flawless ,  the inside is nice and smooth ,  and everything fits together as it should . 
the num_extend does a great job of sealing outside sound in say like a crowded coffee shop . 
it s ok ,  but it s not destined to be a family classic . 
i took a chance on these because of the size . 
this kit provides a false sense of security and is a waste of money . 
i would have preferred the back piece be wider than the sides ,  but all num_num are the same . 
could never get our frenchie to use this . 
your phone s screen is exactly duplicated ,  which by default doesn t take up much room on the screen . 
the screw that holds the bracket together rusted and now i need to change it with a stainless one . 
you drop it once  ,  that would be the end . 
tempted by the bose ,  but they re way too expensive . 
i did have to purchase a few more tips and odds and ends for the class . 
it s very well designed and it s easy to use . 
i bought this to sharpen my fiskers splitting ax and other knives . 
i m all the time hitting against it with my hand or whatever . 
this is an utter failure as a product . 
the downside of this creatine is that it is the consistency of sugar but doesn t desolve as well . 
it allowed me to turn the pot upside down to get all the water out . 
i ordered this headset since i broke my original that came with my nokia num_extend
due to it s design ,  it avoids the need to reconfigure . 
glad i bought the item ,  although i will have to be careful not to drop it !  . 
the shape is great as it works super well for deep frying too . 
opticsale s price for both the brush and the handle is over $ together . 
and i ll move the stakes ,  as the instructions say . 
the game randomly pops up elements and items . 
for the size ,  this speaker is just pretty dang good . 
i will throw the disclaimer that i am a very heavy phone user . 
and i try so hard to like it . 
if you have a phone that this works with buy it . 
the back wheels come out too far so our daughter was constantly tripping over them . 
i wound up tossing way too much of the bag ,  so the value was bad . 
this wasn t what i thought it was ,  and nowit s too late to return . 
for the price of this i expected better . 
socks with treads work much better and stay on the dogs feet .  .  . inside use only ,  however . 
a much better way to store knives that did not come as a set . 
num_num inch length is the best length to weight ratio . 
when i place my order ,  i always know that i will receive them within the same week !  . 
what more could a girl ask for for her headphones ?  . 
it is not due to sediment accumulation ,  but a low g . p . m . 
and it goes with white and black checked tableclothes ,  graphic design napkins ,  red checks ,  you name it . 
for seven bucks ,  i m going to buy another of these before i get one of the more expensive sharpeners . 
the squirrels just helped themselves to food and left . 
i know i should have made a backup ,  but it still should not have num_extend
not two minutes later ,  it fell off again . 
also ,  no issues needing to reboot daily as others mention ,  or any of the other problems . 
it was functionally worthless ,  and not worth the cost to ship it back for a refund . 
so far i m very happy with this product . 
usually ,  one of my three cats will eat the treats . 
but i ordered new product !  !  ! i ordered relaxed fit . 
good idea ,  but fix the sound issues and the balls popping out !  . 
when you are always on the go ,  it s easy to forget stuff . 
i can clean after my kids are in bed ,  the soft steaming noise doesn t disturb anyone . 
i purchased a gallon of this stuff upon a recommendation from a pet store employee . 
don t complain ,  just take it to best buy and pay $ to have them put it on for you . 
the device is hands down the nicest looking handset out there . 
i will be ordering these again in the new future . 
my husband and i have and use our sets often . 
this has been used many times to cook great bacon !  !  highly recommend anything from lodge !  . 
it is very liquid ,  instead of creamy and it did not feel particularly good on my skin . 
the curved handles are a wonderful fit for small or large hands . 
the picture does not show the fault of the glasses . 
the argyle pattern is very nice ,  and only adds to the design . 
i got it as a gift from my son otherwise i would return it . 
sorry but these round brushes are terrible for me . 
it charges the ipad while docked and can fit almost anywhere . 
i contacted the company and they weren t very cooperative . 
the wig i received is much shorter than shown and much darker in color . 
both my daughter and i cook and bake . 
from the previous testing ,  i expected it to stay put better . 
seems like it should recognize i m already a member . 
considering the size required for her small neck ,  the webbing is just too thick . 
its much easier to handle and they take up less room in my utensil holder . 
great charger !  it is just like the original that came with the samsung infuse . 
i can t put in more than num_num cups of flour or i will burn out the motor . 
we re looking into pyrex products for better satisfaction for our needs . 
they are also very loose and fall out easily ,  not that it matters . 
the bass strong and clean but not overpowering ,  crystal clear highs and exellent midrange from sats . 
if you only have space for one foodsaver accessory in your kitchen ,  make sure it s the quick marinator . 
the inside of the cap ,  which doubles as a drinking cup ,  is plastic . 
both pieces are lightweight and junky ,  but they did not claim anything more . 
this is the worst product that i have bought online . 
i am reducing my cook times from the printed tables . 
after that ,  i think i ll be old enough to just not care anymore . 
i was so excited when i received this turner in the mail . 
i can t tell you to buy it or not go off what i said . 
so are corn syrup solids with fructose ,  which content is not provided on the label . 
you cannot use any kind of screen protection with the phone . 
it gets sufficiently loud and sounds good and clear . 
most elder dogs do and it they don t alcohol is not good for animals . 
soy bean milk was not good with large pieces of pulp . 
however ,  i would rather pop a vitamin pill than drink this again . 
i could not get this to stick to anything no matter what i did . 
surprised to see i have been using this crock for three years . 
my only reasons ,  and they are minor ,  for not giving this vac a num_num star rating is as follows . 
the speaker was ruined as it hit the floor and will need to be replaced . 
the thing pulverized the garlic right through and it s easy to clean . 
they will also grenade your armor in a group and take it out quickly . 
i had to drill out the hole to put it together . 
i love the colors fiestaware comes out with . 
this tube blew out after less than num_num miles . 
i didn t set the bar too high for this product . 
i gave it to my son for his first apartment . 
had to go to music store and buy a single replacement string  not elixir  . 
i was very pleased that it chewed up the flaxseed . 
with the motorola num_extend it is impossible to actually lay my head down while wearing them . 
now we have to write until the submit like comes on . 
wow . i don t know if it s just a  bad copy ,   but i bought this lens in march of num_extend
stuffing treats inside isnt useful as they pop out too easily . 
besides ,  all the tricks in the world does not keep the food from sticking . 
the holder protects your fingers from the sharp blade . 
i would say i use it on a bi weekly basis  sometimes less  . 
i guess if you order cheap ,  you get cheap . 
other reviewers have used it on other vegetables and praise its production . 
so everyone on will get disconnected for num_num minute to num_num minutes . 
you have to add a lot of fruit to get a decent amount of juice . 
it does not have enamel in the inside to discolor . 
the print driver repeatedly goes to  sleep  and may or may not wake to print . 
squaresoft is running out of orginal ideas and it is showing . 
and that s a heck of a lot easier when the snow s flying . 
this is merely a clear case with a design that shows its design when its on your phone . 
i m not spending $ for a radio antenna . 
maybe i am just not one of those people . 
yet the store was out of these so i picked up the most smilair board . 
it keeps liquids hot or cold for longer than i could have imagined . 
i m not even able to play the game ,  the cd key isn t accepted even though it installs fine . 
great if paired up with a bottle of saki to go with the set . 
before you buy a food processor ,  consider what you typically process . 
even so ,  don t plan on trying to watch tv or carry on a conversation with the thing running . 
these are great for any type of kitchens . 
like another reviewer posted ,  the cable seems pretty cheaply made . 
the material that they use is too  gummy  and any sort of pressure causes permanent lines on the surface . 
i purchased this as an accessory for my pressure cooker . 
they were literally under my arms as i moved throughout my day . 
for the price i paid its worth the money . 
so for me it was a total waste of my money . 
i ll keep it but i m not real happy with it . 
i heard aloe vera does wonders for the skin and it many cases it cures acne . 
you can make anything out of this pan . 
you can buy john boos mystery oil which is a mixture of mineral oil ,  linseed oil and tung oil . 
i could not believe i had actually  out of the blue  picked a set to give to her . 
however ,  i am on the atkins plan for life and eating poached eggs . 
no movement ,  no separation ,  still looking like new . 
it s pretty small ,  not even big enough for either of my bigger cats . 
and just learned they have another few weeks to wait on that patch . 
a waste of money . if you need to buy a wok ,  don t get this one . 
what more can be said about lodge cast iron ? i just made a deep dish skillet pizza . 
we registered for num_num sets on our wedding registry and received them both . 
great set of four cereal sized bowls with one bigger serving bowl . 
i immediately co washed with a conditioner . i am returning this bottle to ulta ,  where i purchased from . 
i just didn t notice that when i was assembling the safety cage . 
perhaps you could get some other product that does a little better ,  but at what price . 
what you get is what you paid for ,  i guess . 
never use this seat with a collar ,  only a harness . 
i wouldn t buy theses again unless i knew the expiration date was further out . 
it s so much faster than a regular pot ,  and the results are fantastic . 
the wireless connection doesn t have to be fast for that but it does have to be consistent . 
worked great for about num_num months and thats when we started seeing problems . 
first application and the power and volume buttons break because the case is like ft . 
they make a huge difference when shredding ,  slicing ,  etc . 
i looked at the portable wired speakers such as ihome ,  but they seemed cheap and tinny to me . 
i was looking for a good ,  durable bag to use as a range bag . 
looking for some  cheap  electronic organizers ,  i came across this one . 
it is awkward to use them all hooked together so i store them without the ring . 
usb charger only ,  which may or may not be a good thing for you . 
i would recommend to prospective buyers that they ascertain their needs first . 
i am using a kay s case slim soft case i got from amazon . 
as evident from the picture ,  it has a nice contrast of white and pink . 
great if you are looking for the least bulk possible . 
just over num_num years before i was given anorelco speedxland loved it . 
i would not purchase again because it dose not work for me . 
customer service was responsive ,  asked me to sen it back to amazon . 
we did brine for num_num hours before roasting . 
the thin plastic dome will warp and structurely distort in time due to heat and moisture from cooking . 
i ordered another one because he loves it so much . 
after reading everyone s reviews ,  i kind of feel bad that we did not have the same results . 
when this thing s battery died ,  i took it apart to figure out what went wrong . 
the  press  in french press does not necessarily mean squeeze the grinds . 
they send extra squeakers which are pointless when all that s left is a carcass . 
the ease of setup and the exceptional call quality are the biggest selling factors of this unit . 
it had been about fifteen minutes since i d given the dog the bone . 
taking it with food might help it absorb into your body . 
the case wouldnt even snap on right in the first place . 
i ve had it for a few weeks now and it works great !  . 
i was too busy to deal with it so i never sent it back . 
it is easy to use ,  easy to clean and just the right size . 
the fact that they used a num_extend camera is something that has me shaking my head . 
i love the color of my blue lids . 
i tried to use this cord for the first time over the labor day weekend holiday with no results . 
the best one s are in the num_num or num_num pack ,  as they are really absorbent and do the job . 
that is much quieter .  .  . but it is twice the price . 
highly recommended ,  especially if you like bright red ,  this thing is bright !  . 
essentially ,  you use the same three hit combo over and over . 
on the other hand this protector gets scratched very easily . 
this coffee should be described as bold ,  there is nothing light about it . 
in one ,  you will receive experience ,  and in the other you will receive items and enemy cards . 
you can use them to cover the table ,  or the cutting block ,  or the counter . 
many units completely forget everything and you have to start again . 
this isn t a bag of broken or twisted pieces . 
that done you can consider whether to take saw palmetto . 
however one of the batteries can t hold a charge anymore . 
you will love this pot and find many uses for it !  . 
i switched over to an oral b soft toothbrush that didn t have this and it was so much softer . 
i have a german shepherd and a cocker spaniel . 
if you are looking for something that cures toenail fungus this did not work for me . 
i purchased this bluetooth because of the color ,  style and promised functionality . 
it falls off every time i drop the phone . 
mind you ,  our dachshund currently has invertebral disc disease and was able to do this . 
this though is the main problem with this sequel . 
i ve also not noticed a difference in the texture of my skin . 
it s small enough to fit in my purse . 
it browns evenly and whatever i bake in it ,  comes out easily . 
deep fry chicken or simmer a stew .  .  . this thing is versatile . 
this is going to be around the house for a long time . 
i needed to shave a little off the sides because the i pad cover kept lifting the edges . 
at work i have had num_num pairs of sennheiser headphones . 
it is fantastic !  !  !  i would recommend it to everyone !  it is also very attractive to have on your counter !  !  !  . 
of course ,  none of the sheet touches the burners while the burners are on . 
the items purchased were fine ,  and delivered promptly . 
i have worn this on my belt daily for num_num months and it has held up very well . 
i will say though ,  that amazon has pretty amazing customer service . 
these were a good investment and protected my phone from scratches . 
this unit is a bit quicker and pulls a vacuum better . 
i love everything about this machine ,  even the waiting is okay . 
i have never had a similar problem with any other mouse . 
i have had the same one for over a year and it hasn t let me down . 
despite the ipodish design ,  this car connector adds noise to the sound . 
i m disabled and it will not capture a picture of even me walking past it . 
it is about the same size @ num_extend diameter . 
the left headphone popped off and a little piece of plastic went flying across the room . 
may work great for others but it s really messy going on and the color is not what i expected . 
i ll update if i do a trial of putting dairy back in my diet . 
i ve been using otterbox cases for a long time . 
for cookies ,  this makes a good medium to large sized cookie . 
disclaimer :  i enjoy music ,  but i lay no claim to being an audio expert or purist . 
i ll just list the pros and cons of the num_extend
it is at once sickening and gratifying to see what appears in the clear dyson bin . 
if you like little green men ,  go for it . 
they cannot be contorted into positions that would allow versatile settings . 
the design part doesn t make up for the horrible game play . 
it would probably be a decent charger if it actually fit a nexus num_extend
i was looking for cuticle removed and tried this one out . 
i think for the price this is a great buy . 
hasnt broke yet and seems to work ,  but feels very cheap . 
this cheapie mic is is low ,  low ,  low quality . 
i used the same amount of butter i always have . 
the screen protectors were easy to apply to my cell phone . 
to me ,  a flashing indicator means something is wrong . 
the mic boom is contoured to follow the curve of your cheek . 
don t waste your money .  also ,  don t be a moron and tell sony you are using num_extend party cables  . 
nothing to review .  . its been seven days till now no clue . 
i often the tools and they ve held up quite well . 
since the first one was defective ,  i sent both back for a refund . 
this is my second case for the iphone num_extend
its a wonderful and very different locket .  .  . but the black tarnish is awful . 
pedal is not working ,  it just making noise . 
do this and you ll get the instant read feature . 
overall it was a good buy with the holster . 
they are relatively comfortable ,  although i would definitely prefer an ear bud . 
your phone will die much quicker than this headset when playing music . 
i yanked them out of my ears one time and the head of one earbud separated from its socket . 
i did nto realize there was something different about the box ,  but i could tell when i ate it . 
first off when you create your team you don t get to pick who your players are . 
this was a waste of time ,  energy and money !  . 
they work great ,  they look great ,  and they will be around long after you pass on . 
the coating makes this splatter screen so much easier to clean . 
would have been great if the remote was wireless . 
if you re looking for a hot filter look no further than the emperor num_extend
and so on and so on and so on . 
one for the office and one for the night table next to my bed . 
it probably is a great product but not on my skin . 
i really had a bad experience with this product . 
note :  the picture above does not accurately show the flat shape . 
the flower fell off immediately makes me think it was poorly constructed . 
we bought this for our num_num pound border terrier . 
great quality replacement cable to charge my android phone or anything that requires a mirco usb plug . 
of course ,  when i scooped it out it broke apart . 
this never happens with all the other brands i have used . 
i find i don t even have to apply a hammering motion ,  the pounder does it for me . 
it is well made and the perfect size for our family . 
this mole trap was very difficult for us to set . 
the objects are cool ,  but dont add much . 
a little flimsy ,  but i don t use it a lot ,  only when i travel . 
it works great ,  nice attachment on it to attach to my tab . 
the camera on the evo has a red ring around it and this cover helps blend it in . 
i arch my brows upwards but my natural brows tend to slope downwards . 
the others have an immediate coconut odor and flavor . 
thank goodness it came with six of them !  . 
i kept chopping until the onions were the size i wanted . 
i have the most expensive covers and they each had bulky and stiff feeling in use . 
nice portable size and serves its intended purpose . 
variable speed is a feature i ve not seen on a stick blender before . 
the flipper is very thin and bends too easy when you try to pick up food from the pan . 
indestructible . skip these ,  no matter how cute they are !  mb . 
half ass job and not worth the wait it took to receive . 
my pitcher is  still  shiny on the outside ,  and sort of brushed on the inside . 
i love ginger teas so i was pretty excited to give this one a try . 
the star bursts could not be adjusted to cover the target . 
i like the compact storage tin as well . 
i really prefer using glass measuring cups for liquids . 
so i went online and found this ,  and bought it after reading all the good reviews . 
i have bought this for several people over time and they still comment on it . 
it s been accurate and has held up very well . 
i recently bought a few packs of jazz iiis and i was shocked . 
so the raised grooves were toasting but not the valleys between ,  where the cheese soaked through . 
it s very easy to do and does not sacrifice sturdiness . 
get the sliding attachment and maybe another grater with different hole spacing . 
i cook one load while setting up the next until i am done . 
these are much sought after features by treo users . 
i d almost rather replace the microwave than spend another $ on this . 
much better r than some of my more expensive knives . 
it ll be around forever ,  and i m glad it will . 
i can t imagine why so many people say they love it . 
my favorite table in the kichen has gouges from years of family sitting together enjoying meals . 
seriously i love this dinnerware ,  it doesn t clash with anything and is easy to clean . 
it s easy to use and easy to clean . 
if you find the perfect balance spot ,  don t move . 
even after reading a few negative reviews ,  i ordered this anyway ,  likely based on the name brand . 
i bought this to entertain my kid during a long flight . 
it is also easy to have get the pieces to a consistent thickness . 
i have been using sitram cookware for years and have been spoiled . 
mainly because a friend of mine has one of these and his actually worked . 
much better than the free one she had on there before . 
but what of this blueant ?  yes ,  i d heard of it ,  but no one i know has one . 
i tried to return them but the sellers  not amazon  wouldn t take them back . 
this matched perfectly and is just what i wanted . 
i have given her cheaper stuffed toys that take her just as long if not longer to pull apart . 
the flavor is better and the design is improved over the ones i used num_num years ago . 
this unit can have the input cable changed to accomodate this type of side loading tape . 
if i want a sweet dish ,  i ll add the sugar myself . 
just like the pre itself ,  the touchstone is an adventure to unbox . 
have had this case on wife s iphone for num_num years so this is a replacement case for her phone . 
since the amoled screen does not use power with black pixels . 
balls gt stuck in hippos heads jamming them up . 
i purchased three sizes of these glass lids and have been using them for almost a year now . 
i love lecrueset and collect what i can in the dijon color num_extend
there is mounting hardware and the running of wiring ,  both of which are cumbersome . 
i wasn t able to use the lid with a turkey this large so i used heavy duty foil instead . 
so why would anyone pay over num_num bucks . 
turned phone off then on and have not had a problem since . 
i plan to give theseas gifts in the christmas season . 
the pictures online do not show the new design . 
do yourself a favor and buy either game from the ratchet and clank series . 
 i guess i expected a glossy little insert from the popular joola company . 
we haven t had any trouble from using ours . 
well it s been exactly num_num days and the light bulb already burned out . 
i ve bought at least a dozen including every logitech model except the most recent . 
no toxins in the air or in the food to worry num_extend
if you buy name brand batteries of this type they could cost you over ten dollars for the pair . 
parts are dishwasher safe ,  but i prefer to hand wash . 
that said ,  the fragrance was so strong that i couldn t stand to use it . 
the shake things with the metal in them are nice ,  we walk around the house shaking them ,  dancing . 
i ve been producing an assorted seasoned popcorn with this . 
it has tags that seem awkward ,  would be better if it was tag less . 
both holders didn t stick and ended up on the floor . 
i would actually give this backpack num_num stars if the zipper hadn t fallen off  on two of their backpacks  . 
my cat loves this toy so much ,  he would wake me in the morning with it in his mouth . 
first ,  i always felt like i ended up slouching ,  vice the promised good posture . 
so i bought it and when i received it i was extremely disappointed . 
that was it !  less than what a num_num year old does . 
this product provides sufficient power to use my ipad on long trips . 
i love it this product !  !  !  i have very crooked arthritic hands and had no trouble holding the steamer . 
i ve had no issues with people hearing me on this set while i was on the phone . 
if you just want very fast food out of your own kitchen ,  there have got to be better alternatives . 
sometimes you would be behind your character as in any other third person perspective game . 
i usually cook with a bit of olive oil ,  but it s fine without it . 
this is far too much ,  and ea really needs to fix this recurring problem in their potter games . 
and on fourth day in addition to the tracking problem ,  hitting certain notes caused a low pitch fluttering noise . 
it feels great ,  doesnt look bad and protects your phone . 
explanation :  when i tried to select text on screen ,  it would never select the exact text i wanted . 
it s sturdy ,  ergonomic ,  well balanced ,  takes a good edge ,  and is very attractive . 
too bad ,  it smelled good !  i would like to add a picture but i cannot find an upload button . 
i am a big fan of all calphalon professional and commercial anodized cookware . 
so if you do not have extra usb cables you will need to purchase them . 
after inserting i thought it was the next best thing since mac and cheese !  i couldn t feel a thing . 
but as others noted ,  the suction cup falls off the glass in the shower all the time . 
most canned pet food contains carrageenan ,  even the high end brands . 
i bought two of them to give as gifts . 
flimsy ,  wobbly ,  and grabs only the lightest item if at all . 
i like this case because it fits well . 
the cord is a bit short for me . 
it is a bit heavy but it works great and conducts heat well . 
i bought them for the gym but they are so uncomfortable ,  i just tossed them . 
the pads for your legs are made of cheap foam and far to small . 
i suggest ordering a charger when you buy these batteries . 
at times ,  it does not connect to my phone properly . 
completely disappointing since we did not use it in any extreme manner . 
it worked best if my intention was to suck down all my coffee at once ,  scalding hot . 
what was not expected was the wait to get the product . 
as a consumer ,  it is my right to know what ingredients are in the products i buy . 
the product worked ok for one of my daughters and didn t work at all for the other one . 
so i got the ones that has the bus sticking out . 
shipment was quick ,  thanks amazon .  .  .  . keep up the good work !  . 
these corning ware mugs are perfect for reheating leftovers or warming up canned soup . 
the bowls are a really great size for lots of dishes . 
i have found the button to be a bit of a disappointment . 
i mainly use them with sushi rice and cutting sandwich . 
sure ,  it s fun  and almost surreal  to see nightmare zero chasing you . 
count on num_extend stops maybe ,  if not ,  num_extend
this one is very ,  very ,  hard to swallow with a glass of anything . 
a good purchase which is also available in another color . 
overall i was disappointed in how reliable it was . 
works great on lemons ,  limes and small oranges  valencia  . 
it is rather a bit spicy and has a strong aftertaste . 
i was expecting them to be smaller granuals then what they came as . 
this product was constructed so cheaply that it came apart even before first use . 
white face city whenever i put this on . 
other than that ,  it s a sturdy ,  durable kettle !  . 
compare that to the versatality of cf cards at much lower price . oh . 
costs more than a whole bunch of seedling tomato num_extend
i sleep with a cap on to protect my hair and my pillows from the oil . 
the replacement i received  amazon very quickly sent me a replacement  didn t make whole ,  usable waffles . 
these have a freshness date of dec num_extend
i recently gave a skillet as a wedding gift . 
for what it is ,  a single glove ,  not a pair ,  i think it is over priced by about $
it hasn t given us any issues thus far and seems to be a pretty good machine . 
what i didn t want was a copy cat . 
the feel was nice and the inside has a lining that is very nice . 
this is fine because should you dare stop building your national monument to aardvarks % city defense vs . 
and i  m active all day so i don t want to plug my phone into an outlet . 
i went to write a review and amazon told me i already wrote one . 
well ,  while opening my iphone num_extend i ve lost some of the screws ,  and needed to find good replacement asap . 
it saddens me to see a company s quality decline this way . 
do not decide to put this together with a baby sleeping nearby . 
note :  i have a num_num toastmaster  no ,  i m not the original owner  that still works great . 
it also rubbed on the top of my second toe and abraded that area . 
hopefully a phone firmware upgrade will fix these . this is the first cell phone i ve had with a real speakerphone . 
i received this pan in the num_extend size as a wedding gift in summer num_extend
i may donate mine to a rescue or shelter . 
also ,  note that it contains msg equivalent  yeast extract is chemically equivalent to msg  . 
gerber was my brand years ago when they were made in the u . s . a . 
i ll let you know after more extensive use . 
i have had the breadman num_extend for about num_num weeks now and i think i like this breadmaker . 
what it does not do is provide a practical way of doing so . 
for the money you paid for it ,  it was worth the buy . 
i purchased two of these fans for my husband s studio . 
i will not be told what is good for me . 
several hours later i got the most horrendous stomach cramps imaginable . 
it s stiff enough to stand on it s own and protects my mixer from dust and grime . 
this was suppose to be a christmas gift !  . 
i have to say that i misinterpreted what this product was . 
sega s espn nhl hockey num_extend isn t the great hockey game that it was last year . 
you should also avoid using soap to clean the inside since that strips off the seasoning layer . 
you ll use water ,  time and effort rinsing this filter ,  after tapping out the grinds . less grinds . 
i will have to look for another way to remove the gel nail polish . 
cookies don t stick to the racks and they clean up easily . 
fyi . it assembles fine and isn t too cheap feeling . 
samurai warriors is a hack n slash game for the xbox . 
that one had simply gotten old and didn t look as pristine as i wanted . 
i did not see the other two and hung it from the two eye hooks first . 
i didn t realize that the radio would not come thru on this ,  so you have to have earbuds . 
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks . 
the  soap  is as thin as dirty dish water . 
the machine will not always turn off when you press the power button . 
very annoying to look at but functionally it is a good space saver and very convenient . 
i usually cut off the fat then grind the meat and it works like a charm . 
it should be well heated before cooking and the more you use it the better it works . 
but mainly my complaint is that this isn t very sudsy . 
he only used each bodysuit once or twice at most . 
my golden retriever shredded this in no time at all . 
also ,  do not put these pans in the dishwasher . 
the ball that lights up didn t do much difference . 
it will also open :  hearts ,  minds ,  eyes ,  arms ,  doors ,  books ,  floodgates ,  pandora s box ,  and ,  curiously enough ,  marriages . 
was surprised to see how dirty the water was in the water pickup container . 
the packaging was poor and this product was open and had spilled everywhere . 
i find myself peeling in amazement at the ease even gnarly veggies can present . 
these were hard to stay in and when they did ,  well they are worthless for me . 
i m single ,  but i like making a larger quantity and freezing the leftovers . 
no complaints other than i wish is had elastic around it to cinch it around the jar . 
way too narrow even though i ordered a d !  . 
don t let your phone s glass break and get this . 
i purchased the num_extend motorola bluetooth headset and thought i would love it . 
two of these would make nice book ends . 
not to mention ,  this just doesn t absorb odors the way i hoped it would . 
for an otherwise nice bottle ,  being made out of cheap plastic detracts somewhat from the design . 
i threw out the smelly rug and got a new one . 
she just kept barking ,  even though i pointed it right at her from only a couple feet away . 
better than using a towel ,  which could catch fire on the stove top . 
not what i thought from the ad and the pictures . 
over this winter i ve been getting small field mice in my garage looking for a warm place to stay . 
num_num hours into oblivion a friar  npc  was not following me anymore as he was suppose to be . 
it is a good little guy and seems to do its job well . 
i am having pain behind my eyes and in my right side of my face . 
great for make ahead meals for a quick microwave meal . 
but ,  we don t even have to go that far . 
i would have gladly given up an inch for storage reasons . 
i ve had some issues with wear on these . 
and it just makes my skin feel slimy later ,  which i would tolerate if there was any shine reduction . 
ready to move on to belt sander with impregnated leather strop . 
however ,  the way it is now ,  i wouldn t ever purchase this product again . 
the definitions of  hepa  and  cadr  are placed at the end of this review . 
i bought one of these and promptly bought two more . 
in the past used a plantronics bluetooth ,  and i have two of those for use in the house etc . 
my sister said they were a bit bland . 
works great and quickly charged my iphone num_num over three times . 
make really good popcorn and the top is the serving dish . 
i travel a lot for work and this is the best purchase i ve made in a long time . 
the french onion dip wasn t too bad either . 
oh well i ve bought some other wonderful panties here . 
and if it breaks there is no other way to charge the device . 
it was hard to get off and left too many streaks . 
i m about to commit an act of treason against men everywhere . 
i don t want to waste a great experience while this game is so buggy . 
i got this fryer after seeing all the positive reviews for it ,  and i haven t been disappointed . 
i can t even return it now because amazon says it s considered hazardous waste . 
i initially got this bowl to fulfill a promotion . 
this was not a pc game but a poorly executed console port . 
not the quality in gold toe socks i expected . 
i was excited at first at how well these headphones did at noise canceling . 
i have been trying to avoid artificial sweetners and thought that i had found just what i wanted . 
there is one overpowering flavor ,  i don t know what it is . 
i just had a glass of wine that i opened num_num month ago and it still tastes the same . 
this deal was put together by somebody with big brass ones . 
 and ,  of course ,  you can also boil it in a saucepan on the stove .   refrigerate it . 
i m online now to buy another one so i can bake double batches . 
i replaced one that had served for over num_num years with this product . 
i purchased this because many people had luck using it with their toyota num_extend
my order arrived promptly and in good condition . 
anything truly liquid in nature is totally not an option . 
throw grenades at you and you won t know who killed you . 
as you close in on month six ,  buy a new box . complicated ?  not at all . 
it really did not clean the wheels as suggested . 
the small plates that come in this set are the same diameter as the cereal bowls in this set . 
the last screen protector i bought lasted over a year . 
this controler was not exactly good to me . 
the manual itself is as confusing as trying to read it in spanish . 
certainly not enough to do anything for your hair . 
for the money it does what it is intended to do . two num_extend
cookbook is easy to follow and bread has turned out perfect every time so far . 
when i got it ,  i actually spent ten minutes looking through the instruction manual . 
and there are just some things that make it obvious it was kind of rushed to market . 
my wine has stayed fresh for num_num weeks or more using these stoppers . 
other questions still haunt me ,  with no answers to be found . 
i purchased this cable to replace my standard rgb hookup for my num_extend
surely ,  it was the worst one on the nintendo gamecube . 
because the ball remains squishy without being deflated he loves to gnaw it . 
i like my toast very lightly toasted and this toaster does just fine for that . 
i had a pair of insignia headphones that were not anywhere near this nice . 
not only did it hurt like  insert word  ,  it barely took any hair with it . 
this little fan  works  but for how long ?  i can t believe how cheaply it is made . 
he s finally able to use it and actually enjoys it . 
i was a star this past week at my firm retreat with this battery pack . 
they are glass against glass not air tight . 
in this game ,  you are glorified for senseless acts of cruelty . 
the cat still has the ability to bite when cutting nails . 
it comes as a bunch of tiny extremely thin pressed bits in tiny bags . 
glass; other times num_num or more squirts were needed . 
the surface is so reflective that it renders your screen virtually useless . 
not sure what went wrong but does not fit color was ugly not as shown on the website . 
i have a hunch i ll be buying more packs of these . 
i started noticing dry itchy patches on my cheeks and forehead . 
no way that would ever fit over any pair of shows i own . 
after a minute or two i hear hissing and it s at num_extend
then ,  i would install nylon zippers or velcro ,  to keep the items in the pockets . 
i loved the tactical aspects and the real life feel of being in the battlefield . 
thanks for letting me try something new winterparkhoney !  !  !  . 
this is a great addition to our kitchen . 
i thought it was defective but i saw no chips in the frame of the attachment . 
however with my num_extend num_extend though this can be an issue . 
if you re looking at any current motorola headsets ,  stop now and look no further . 
i was skeptical ,  but pleasantly surprised by this product . 
you can t beat the price and they are very durable . 
do not buy even if it for $
my first one came from a national catalog . 
i have never really cared much for granola so i thought i d see what they would do with chocolate . 
also ,  their voices aren t right ,  and i hate them . 
the cable works great with my iphone num_extend
spare yourself the pain and embarassment and leave you gorgeous hair alone ladies . 
i use this on my cheapo knives to keep them sharp ,  and it works perfectly . 
my first gut reaction was that it tasted like a combination of saccharin and alkaseltzer  that old cold medication  . 
i didnt know this was a cream ,  i thought it was a powder . 
it would have been a five star review . 
the only drawback is dealing with the grounds but it is really no trouble . 
although the sides are not straight ,  i didn t find this to be an issue in frosting the cakes . 
with the occassional calphalon anodized that is reasonable . of the two ,  my vote is cast for the all clad line . 
i have a small num_extend dog and she could not fit in this at all . 
it will however ,  produce finely shredded cheese . that is a mere quibble with the attachment . 
when i pressed the release button ,  it expanded but would not fit the phone and lock anymore . 
after it cools down ,  i wash it with a scrub brush ,  hot water and soap . 
they need better descriptions and a way to contact the vendor for questions . 
the necklace that s attached to the shirt wasn t hanging right and you can t take it off to fix it . 
i m very disappointed ,  but i m hoping the suction will stay on my windshield . 
this was my second case purchase off amazon in my quest for a case for my white iphone num_extend
i will not be purchasing these products again . 
it doesn t seem to get salad as dry as my old spinner did . 
there is no reason to buy this filter over the num_extend classic num_num external canister filter  ?  num_extend
i don t know how i operated in my kitchen without it . 
this is a must buy for any working kitchen anywhere . 
this thing makes a great cup of coffee . 
i measured these new hanes size num_num against a new fruit of the loom brief size num_extend
i would not trust this to leave it alone toasting anything . 
there is absolutely no logical reason i can think of for this . 
the problem is the unit is poor quality . 
i bought two of these when i set up the new finch cage . 
could work for nighttime ,  but i use cotton gloves and these are just too bulky for overnight . 
as with all my calphalon ,  i love this . 
the last thing i want is  uncle milton  in my room ,  his moon ,  included . 
for a coffee maker to only work num_num months ,  it is junk . 
i bought these to use to hold fishing rods and long handled tools in my open carport . 
i applied this product overnight to dry a spot . 
i bougt the $ breville num_extend when i started my bean habit and was considerably satisfied . 
not good for long time companies like hanes . 
not great ,  but that s my opinion ,  some might like it more than i did . 
i wanted all num_num to be black ,  so i ll order from the jockey site ,  maybe there better there . 
i didn t get any noticeable reduction in sweating and now i have chafed pits . 
maybe if they add some caffeine to the mix . 
the other brands are more of a fillet stamped out and canned . 
one was in the skb fender case $ on amazon  ,  the other in this gator case purchased locally . 
the knife issue didn t bother me as much as the response that i got from customer service . 
the hype ad does not state anywhere what the dha and epa are . 
these are easy to grab ,  slip off the ring and use . 
the radio chatter ,  although nice at first ,  gets very annoying ,  very fast . 
also ,  the fact is simply painted on top to rub off with repeated use . 
this is a good spare charger if  and only if  your phone was designed for a num_extend charger . 
the unit will barely keep room at % and the built in humidistat is about % off . 
this bowl looks good and matches some other things that i have in my kitchen . 
i haven t gotten past the first level because the controls are so bizzare in this game . 
the top shelf is used for lighter items ,  such as cartons of tea ,  coffee ,  boxed items ,  etc . 
as metioned ,  the spring tension seems minimal and is apparently not up to the task . 
it works great and you don t even know you have it on !  perfect !  !  . 
they do not bounce at all and aren t smooth plastic like regular ping pong balls . 
and ,  unlike many fiesta bowls ,  these do stack fairly well . 
it seems lots of customers like this foundation ,  but i m not a fan . 
so i do need to be more carefull . 
stick with the sprout or happy baby meals . 
the unit quietly puts out num_num gallons of moisture daily which has greatly reduced my daughter s coughing bouts . 
the stream begins to distort ,  which indicates that a mess is on the way if you don t slow down . 
 just as a note ,  i m a female with light skin and very course hair  . 
these pens are nice ,  but the one you purchase at the apple store are more effective . 
now i know it s better to have more than one . 
 :   then you can finally grill your chicken or roasts to the proper serving temperature . 
other mandolin s have a dial for adjusting the width . 
if it does and i have to replace it every num_num months ,  i m going to be upset . 
i searched this product put here on amazon for a small cottage kitchen . 
i have crossed playtex off my list forever and will stick with glamorize bras . 
i have few friends already had different kind . 
this is the highest quality glass you can get for bakeware . 
a lot thicker material than the ones that came with my nesco . 
better spend a few dollars more and get the real thing . 
this tool popped open the case ,  and slid the edges open . 
i couldn t get them to stay in my ears . 
the manufacturer should redesign the product s insides to prevent this kind of assembly error . 
blew up the second time i used it . 
then lightly flour the inside before pouring the batter into the pan . 
i have other peppermills that i will now use for other whole spices . 
i would buy it again . i think it works well . 
plantronics num_extend bluetooth headseti purchased the num_extend after heavily researching motorola and other competitor models . 
not to mention it is reasonably priced ,  especially with amazon prime . 
perhaps on the first pair i owned ,  i over tightened the over the shoe strap ,  stressing them . mark  :   . 
and then simply died one day last week . 
in fact ,  one of my friends asked if we had gotten new carpeting . 
i thought the philips clip headphones would be a great deal . 
i like it so much that i thought i would try mr . 
it also helps to keep it in your shirt pocket if you carry your phone there . 
i d say ,  don t waste your time with this ,  or your money . 
if i wanted a shoot em up game i would have bought quake num_num arena . 
remove and rinse thoroughly again with hot water for several minutes . 
sometimes an action rpg can be fun ,  like oblivion . 
i ve been using skincare with parabens for num_num or so years ,  and they haven t hurt me yet . 
i was hoping with noise assassin that it would sound better than me talking into the phone itself . 
these are just a bad product at least in south florida . 
i even typed in the model name and number in a google search site and found the same complaint . 
this is about right for num_num people . i recommend it . 
once i figured it out though ,  it has been working perfectly !  . 
the glass broke at the neck of the bottle . 
i think it still has the vibrators in there instead . 
a fine product that actually does what it s supposed to do . 
the rest of mine went into the trash . 
i bought this as a present for my mother when it was on a deal of the day special . 
don t like them and my cats don t either . 
the color of this phone matched pretty well what i thought it would look like . 
easy to clean ,  just don t ever use soap on the oiled surface . 
i decided to purchase this after relocating to the dry areas of california . 
the two little ones are perfect for cheese ,  etc .  ,  and are thoughtful and handy . 
i have very damaged hair and this product made my hair even worse . 
i like the look and feel of the design . 
this num_num inch stone fit perfectly and worked like a charm . 
she can knock my phones off of anything ,  even ,  literally ,  the top of the fridge . 
i m amazed at all the people who ve given this three plus stars even though they ve broken multiple units . 
i make all my sauce and dough myself and like the way these cook my pizzas . 
i have owned three of them and the hd version is the best so far . 
if it had a pour spout on both sides ,  it would be perfect . 
i have nothing bad to say about this skillet . 
this has been the case with other calls i ve made using this headset . 
i was stoked about the previous reviews so i took a chance on this . 
i got it this morning and used it twice . 
after three days of normal use ,  the sound became distorted ,  and crackled . 
this screen is advertised as an exact fit . 
oh and you can play num_extend games on the num_extend for those of you who don t know that . 
just dont like that i have to buy a new one again so soon . 
sigh .  . if it doesn t work ,  i m giving up totally on littermaid . 
i bought this particular plug because the description says ,   heavy duty  ,  and it is worth it . 
i couldn t believe that this had something to do with this product; it seemed so unlikely . 
my bluetooth device is the jawbone era ,  and these ear gels didn t fit that model . 
the little sucker is a great idea ,  but dang there are some sharp edges . 
and those plusses do not even begin to compensate for iw s many and deep flaws . 
my husband and i both love hot cider ,  but these taste watery and don t have much spice at all . 
gonna order soon but i hope it doesnt have a scratch . 
you just slide down the hills until you reach the finish . 
either way ,  they have goo to help wash the feathers down . 
i have chronic systemic candida and adrenal fatigue . 
there s no good reason for a dungeon crawl to take that long . it s a common problem among modern games . 
the cordless was convenient but was powerless after num_num minutes of use . 
i like the fact that this one does not require any extra disposable disks to work correctly . 
i ve ground coffee of varying degrees of coarseness and i ve also ground whole grain brown sugar into confectionary sugar . 
i love these things they are always crafted differently each one no two are alike . 
if you are a coffee lover you need a french press and this is the one . 
i find that it runs very quietly and i am a light sleeper . 
i love otterbox and i ve been using defender cases for num_num years . 
it turned itself on while in my briefcase ,  got extremely hot ,  and completely locked up . 
you turn the box over and all the shells fall out of their holes and start making a racket . 
but then he felt he was shouting the whole time . you do need the leapter explorer handheld to begin with . 
i am afraid that if i don t handle it gently ,  it will break in my hands . 
there is a new  nfl superstar  mode ,  which seems pretty cheezy . 
if you want this one get it soon !  . 
i purchased the cow first and used it for several months . 
i tried this as part of the vine program . 
i had been wanting to get a whisk and saw this one recommended by ci . 
i have used it almost daily for over num_num years . 
the taste isn t all that bad ,  it does have an eggy flavor to it though . 
she wants to use her vizio android tablet extensively on the five to six hour flight . 
it s so easy to make any bread in here . 
from what i can see ,  no one else carries them . 
they all are way to large in the cup size . 
disgusting ! the hoover steamvac does a great job cleaning . 
original reviewi bought this to prevent my cat from going out the dog door and it works great . 
it is now very sweet with almost a syrup texture . 
easy to clean and has held up nicely . 
in my opinion this will offer better shock protection . 
they are awesome and boy do they stay . 
i bought an htc num_extend and booted android to it and it works beautifully . 
if watching the bowl sit flat on a counter is your main priority ,  then this bowl isn t for you . 
would make me think twice about buying this again ,  despite my apparent good luck . 
he has had this case for a good num_num months and its still holding up strong . 
i really couldn t finish an entire bar in one sitting . 
the predominate flavor is strawberry ,  with a hint of watermelon . 
i am still extremely happy with this purchase . 
i checked the reservoir and it was full ,  tried disassembling it and reassembling it ,  but to no avail . 
can not even imagine if these were not sweetened . 
if you love fresh pineapple ,  this makes serving it a breeze . 
these are extra large steak knives and sturdy . 
until then ,  just buy a nice regular vaccum . 
the presentation box was a nice finishing touch . 
the first one lasted about a year and a half and the tab that holds the phone in broke . 
bought these for my tennis ball loving golden retriever . 
upon opening the package it was pretty flimsey and i didn t think it would hold up walking . 
but if your battery is a year or more old this will probably offer some improvement . 
i bought this after seeing many others for higher prices . 
out the num_num cans i received ,  there were about num_num cans that were dented pretty badly . 
not easy to clean and food sticks to it . 
a homerun feels the same as a single . 
cheaper can openers are just frustrating from the start . 
it s the exact same shape and size as the kitchenaid one that came with my mixer . 
right now i m listening to my pioneer speakers blare away to the avengers soundtrack . 
i m much rather do this myself at home . 
i will not buy another cuisinart combo blender again . 
the dj controls this game boasts about are only ok at best . 
any more than that ,  you will have an absolute mess that takes so much time to clean up . 
i bought my first spiderpodium from touch of modern but it took several weeks to get it . 
i bought the velbon num_extend when it first came out a couple of years ago . 
it would take years to use up all that syrup some of which i don t think i d ever use . 
to see that the price jumped up $ more dollars was shocking . 
its been over num_num years of use now and there is no degradation of performance or appearance . 
all it will bring is disappointment to your child . 
it s hard to believe titus could have screwed up this game so badly . 
it uses a whooping num_extend filter ,  yet its maximum aperture is nothing to write home about . 
they smell so bad that they take your breath away when you open them . 
it s also much brighter than it needs to be ,  and flashes red with any vibration  including music  . 
learning to use enough is the trick there though . 
i am generally a huge fan of sunbeam products ,  especially their heating pads . 
have used this effective and inexpensive product for years . 
while it is a bit heavy for this purpose i am glad i got it . 
using the coffee pot ,  i fill to the number of cups i want to make plus one cup . 
wood and stainless steel make for an elegant looking strainer . 
wrangler needs to make sure the sizes are correct !  . 
made from cheap plastic and imperfection is highly visible after applying polish . 
i found this mode to be a pain for obvious reasons . 
and i now use it on my hands . 
i would definitely recommend this pan to anyone who bakes bread at home . 
had this rush shipped overnight to save my brand new galaxy player num_extend this won t work . 
and a super buy at $ from the  friday sale  . 
had this been disclosed in the description ,  i d have no gripe with this puzzle . 
and add salt of course if you like .   it s great for healthy snacks . 
let s pray they don t use this graphics engine on num_extend
they sound was far better than expected . i confirmed this personally the next time we were together . 
don t worry so much about the speaker hole just focus on those phone edges . 
i love color and these give them to me . 
we love this item to put fresh lemon juice in our cooking . 
i like the clear color because the sleek look of my num_extend isn t covered over . 
had i known it was going to be that small i d have gotten the larger one . 
button mashing was invented by lazy game developers . 
found this one ,  read the reviews about the removable plates ,  and was anxious to give it a try . 
it is an amazing little cordless vacuum !  i use it several times a day for cleaning up after children . 
i purchased this pan to use at work on a hot plate and it works perfectly . 
i own the first two socom games ,  i love them too ,  despite the mild glitches and such . 
it s also a great scoop to move your chopped ingredients to another container . 
it gets easier every time ,  and i m considering just leaving it clamped to my counter at all times . 
it still works at the moment ,  but once grease is gone its days are numbered . 
if it goes out ,  the knife is nothing more than a paperweight . 
with this product ,  your hair not only looks awful ,  it feels disgusting too . 
the time it takes me to get to town but nothing . 
to each his or her own ,  but i recommend another soap  flavor .   . 
this was originally intended for that room but i don t want to give it up now . 
i tried washing and drying them thoroughly ,  but that only helped for an hour or so . 
the first unit lasted about two hours before it stopped working completely . 
i like it because the top screws closed to prevent leakage . 
it says  lightweight  right in the title for gosh sake . i would buy it again . 
my wife thinks i look like a total geek . 
we ended up ordering another squeezer for lemons . works well ,  looks decent . 
it is going in the give away bag . 
do all your shopping on amazon with it ,  or play games . 
i have extremely oily sensitive skin and was afraid that it would make me break out . 
its something that you don t think about until its too late . 
people that complain about the quality of them must just be using them wrong . 
it will also charge another usb device at the same time . 
this is a game machine !  !  !  !  !  !  it is for playing games . 
it s not far off from nails on a chalkboard . so far ,  i only really use it to toast . 
i will use it ,  but i am not thrill . 
the squeaker is in the head ,  and there s only one . 
amazon ,  as usual ,  took them back with no questions . 
in couple ways ,  enter the matrix is a visionary ,  unprecedented first for video games . 
has a built in screen protectr that might not work if you have one on there num_extend
this phone does everything from num_num megapixel cam to really good internet speeds . 
my husband and i both are so glad i did . 
if they were a lot cheaper i would ,  but at this price it s not worth it . 
to order only one more was the only luck at this purchase . 
it became sticky very quickly and provided very poor lubrication . 
it is no longer silver and my finger turns green . 
supports fast charging at num_extend and a good connection at the micro usb port . 
yes ,  this product does it s jb very well . 
don t forget to add a small amount of salt to the water . 
not going to waste any more time on it . 
glad i listened to the reviewers who praised this brand . 
i needed cookie cutters to make a variety of sizes of hearts . 
soybean meal is a poor quality protein filler . 
you can get updated drivers on the website ,  but the main website listed in the software does not work . 
the reviews on the sony are positive so i thought i d try it . this headset works quite well . 
i use it alot and the quality of this oster product i would have to say is supurb . 
also ,  the price of $ can t be beat . 
came quick usps in envelope and each boxed . 
i ll order another soon been telling people about it . 
i cannot tell you what on earth the smell is ,  but it smells so bad . 
the playstation one had the best controller ever . 
i have a couple of these and the lids do wear out . 
the main problem that i ve experienced is that the touch screen is not terribly accurate all the time . 
they look nice but after num_num months the handles on the cups are falling off . 
plus they were much cheaper than the ones i previously bought at the verizon store . 
i got them for the price ,  i think its a steal . 
while entertaining ,  there s not much  game  to this . 
this is a gift for a friend who did not have a headset . 
i m charging the battery now so i ll test it again in a few hours . 
so i d buy a single ,  small package at your grocers and try them out . 
the filter basket stopper must be on wrong or something because it leaks when you remove the pot . 
can be compared to the incase slider which sells for almost double . i love the dual color theme . 
i figured since it was all natural and had great products it would wonderful for my skin . 
as other reviewers have said ,  the clamping could use some work . 
would not try this product again even if offered free again . 
we finally decided we would get one ,  so we did . 
i ve been using ole henricksen s  truth revealed super creme spf num_extend which is $ a jar . 
it makes a great bowl for popcorn when you re watching a movie or other tv fare . can t go wrong here !  . 
the new foam cushion feels great on the ear . 
i prefer mac paint pots over this product . 
it attempts to be a fast setup table top game but feels as a meshed together mess of crap . 
bought this to replace higher end wire cheese slicer . 
okay i bought this for my first ever smartphone droid num_extend
btw ,  plastic is thinner than my old one . 
you will not go wrongbuying this case because it is a great protector . 
the lid doesn t really stay on it now and it just looks all misshapen . 
i have bought several cold steel items and i am always happy with the quality . 
maybe salty oatmeal is a british thing ?  i don t know . 
please forgive the rant but this is just one awful product . 
the first game was entirely new and fresh . 
i wear it most of the day ,  on project sites ,  while driving ,  even at home . 
universal standard usb connector means no special cables needed in a pinch or extra parts to lose !  . 
if you have to pick between the two ,  i would suggest the num_extend
but it s not to be . darth maul is ridiculously easy to defeat . 
as instructed ,  i tried using the entire flat surface of the tweezer . 
it says it can hold num_extend of info because use can conpress the files . 
if i had sprint service in the office i m sure the battery would last num_num days at a time . 
the % is for merrell ,  bates ,  and other boot wear . 
an excellent alternative to the standard white and it cleaned up very easily in the dishwasher . 
was able to consolidate knives that had been stored in other drawers . 
after installing software and connecting ,  power led lights up ,  but computer doesn t even detect the wireless adaptor . 
packaging was nice ,  wax smelled nice ,  so i followed the instructions and plugged it in . 
franklin website does not even offer the ebookman anymore and refers you to another online company . 
either one is weighty ,  so you aren t going to gain in that factor . 
the drastic windows change didn t change that much . 
according to the mcdavid website ,  i should have ordered a large . 
i opened the package the drive was poorly packaged . 
i took one sip and it was horrible . 
seller lost this package at their facility and it took num_num months to receive it . 
amazon sent out a second one and i returned the first without extra charge . 
i bought the clay to reduce my adult acne . 
other then that not so bad for the price . 
lesson learned :  read the label before buying any type of food for your family ,  including your pets . 
the natural bristles hold up well and tolerate going through the dishwasher for num_extend july num_extend
i will update this in a few months when i have used it more !  . 
this is a great product ,  gave it a num_num stars because it does everything it stated it would . 
sort of just a personal opinion review i suppose . 
this time ,  though ,  about one in num_num have broken hinge pins and also some don t snap securely shut . 
after cleaning ,  it makes the air feel lighter and i feel good that i m not using chemicals . 
the steam fast was the right price on amazon   $ so i bought it . 
the screen protectors have been very useful in keeping my htc incredible screen nice and protected . 
your camera can ,  at best ,  point slightly up or slightly down . 
plus they come in about num_num different colors . 
even with a few bubbles though ,  i like the matte appearance on my phone . 
and ,  here is the highlight of the episode . 
in one pinch i can be % bf and the next pinch i can be %
it just stopped working .  .  .  . i feel really ripped off . got this one yesterday . 
and a recent developer conference in austin the quote was  learn from our mistakes  . 
moral of the story is talk to your vet before you buy anything like this . 
most of the case damage to my phone was when opening it to insert a sim or sd card . 
i didn t like the look of my plastic tupperware and wanted the cleanliness of glass . 
this is the third clamp lamp i ve purchased ,  but the only one from zoo med . 
now i am not sure what to purchase . 
i would have sent it back but i waited too long . 
he has not yet tried this item but very anxious to try it . 
one thing i don t like is the big letters on the side . 
the packaging was superb ,  battery was wrapped nicely . 
i don t care if it s heavier than other vacuums . 
more hassel than another brand that works extremely well . 
reception was always poor no matter how one tinkers with the configuration . 
it s also very easy to clean since there are now only two parts to this . 
the rudder control broke off ,  and it doesn t look like it will be repairable . 
they stack nicely as long as they are not over stuffed . 
i wish my experiences were as great as they were with earlier models . 
now both my cats use only the feline pine without any problems . 
i buy many things on amazon ,  and num_num percent of the time it is good . 
for those who complained about drip marks on the exterior surface i have this answer . 
as advertised ,  it does a great job of mincing garlic . 
don t waste your time ordering it because you ll just be shipping it back . 
the cats enjoyed it for about five minutes because it was new . 
this was pretty spicy and the ginger taste was incredibly strong . 
i will continue to buy these for my new iphone . 
it charged my playerpretty quickly ,  only a few hours . 
num_num or num_num or the refills also fell apart after just seconds of play . 
it only shows a plug logo on the top right battery sign . 
however ,  i was tempted by the discounted special price offered for these . 
how did they taste ?  pretty much the same ,  except the trader joes organic was tougher and more chewy . 
the skin peels after a few months but oh well . 
i am using this cable to charge a bluetooth earpiece with any usb port available . 
the lock is hardly a lock at all . 
this wouldn t be so bad if it weren t such a frequent occurrence . 
it fits perfectly on the glass turntable; cleans easily or throw it into the dishwasher . 
from now on ,  i stick to the original . 
thank you for and great price and great product . 
it is difficult to remove the product without some of the contents spilling as you tear off the top . 
if you want to play halo num_num get it in the xbox . 
no amount of adjusting the headset position on my head solved the problem . 
all in all this was a great value and will last me years . 
i can not wait to see what capabilities android num_extend and num_extend will give to my evo . 
for both the enemies and your own ships is quite poor . 
these are goofy and ugly and i sent them back . 
and ,  the butter slips into the water a little as well . 
we have convinced many people to purchase this model . 
i ve used $ koss and jvc cans that had wider ranges and sound better . 
if that s true ,  i ve never seen anything happen . 
although the expiration date was a few months away ,  the taco shells were stale tasting even after heating them . 
very expensive for a lotion with no fragrance and a huge disappointment . 
we will buy from this company again  if the ones we got ever wear out  . 
i havent had a hamburger press for a long time . 
it is a must forthe cast iron cooks out there . 
the glaze has held up great to cutting of the butter . 
after i have everything hooked up all cables and turn on the water ,  water came out from the cylinders . 
when you assemble it ,  but it is a little powerhouse . 
they re great in the dishwasher or washed by hand . 
you can easily get accurate measurements from standing in a normal position . 
yes ,  they were a good price and the same size as the ones i normally buy . 
i purchased this to remove pet hair from clothing . 
they all have a yucky  herbal  taste on the back end and i cannot drink them . 
eq finally got to a point where it was almost bug free .  .  .  .  .  .  . then out comes rok . 
i like the oblong shape for the many roasts and briskets i make in it . 
of all the first leappad books to buy ,  make this the last one on your list . 
that s why people opt for the diamond stones . 
bento for small things ,  but it doesn t do nearly the job of keeping things warm as mr . 
within a month ,  the cable started acting up and now i will have to purchase another  not this one  . 
this game scared my num_num year old and my num_num year old wasn t thrilled with it either . 
this notebook chill pad is a great product .  .  . until it broke about a few months later . 
this is a great machine ,  cleans really well ,  but it was my second and i won t be buying another . 
clearly made to get you through the couple of camping trips you might make per year . 
i love the heavy weight of them and i love the fact that they are not plastic . 
i m considering one for my permanent residence . wonder if i can find it in white . 
this thermos is very nice looking ,  and it keeps things warm for a very long time . 
this cover started breaking about num_num weeks after i first put it on my phone . 
these pads have a plastic outside cover designed to fully trap all liquid into the pad . 
i would say you should replace it every num_num or num_num years . 
small and compact this would fit on my night stand right by my head as i sleep . 
no more bulky knife holders and this is brilliant . 
bought this from midway usa about a year ago . 
i m even eating more cereal due to the ease of using my new dispenser . highly recommend it . 
the case fits the voyager like a glove ,  with the long necked microphone fitting behind a piece of num_extend
we purchased this item and we were pleased until it stopped working . 
no point in trying to use the last two . 
i have several of the micronet towels ,  which i use as my regular towel . 
the electronic trap never caught a single mouse . 
after less than num_num minutes of continued use ,  it overheats . 
best coffee grinder i ve ever had !  solid ,  reliable ,  easy enough to clean ,  perfect for getting the right grind . 
for the price though it is worth it . 
no backlight ,  space key is the same size of the others and its all the way to the right . 
i would recommend this mixer ,  but i d be a little weary and realistic about its durability . 
during our discussion they gave me instructions on how to apply the shield to the face of my phone . 
the quality of the cover is very good . 
this is ok ,  but it is cheaply made so it broke in a matter of two months or so . 
your literally cooking from when the lights flash on the oven . 
i bought two ,  not one ,  pairs of these because i liked the noise canceling and the sound was ok . 
then i add the flour ,  salt and water and start the cycle . 
my back started to kill me ,  so i tried this posture adjuster . 
the circumference of the lip is just a little too large . 
i can only assume it s doing it s filtering job ,  but i use it mostly for white noise . 
i wish i had spent a little more for a sturdier one . 
i think these num_num ounce mugs are the perfect size . 
i ll start out here by saying that i couldn t finish this game . 
you re supposed to groove to the music that you and the electroplanktons are making together . 
don t care for the mirror finish and hard to put on the phone correctly . 
haven t even had it num_num num_extend bought this nozzle based soley on the positive reviews . 
 i ve previously tried plastic designs which lasted for exactly one use  . 
the ballistic hc case for the iphone is the extreme case for the extreme user . 
the feline pine method didn t work for me either . 
this case also has a kickstand ,  just like the phone . 
i can t talk about the longevity of the case or the finish but it seems to be pretty good . 
truly a great game . as to the really bad part . 
making jerky or drying soaked freshly blanched almonds etc makes it easy to lift off the dehydrator . 
didn t change like it says it will and the color isn t what you think it is going to be . 
i did a lot of research ,  and i came across this set . 
if you have enough space on your wall ,  however ,  you re in for a real treat . 
i have been using this product for many years ,  and i highly recommend it for red wines . 
this was my first experience with a moshi moshi handset ,  and i have to say i was blown away . 
lovely construction ,  fabric ,  etc .  ,  but not enough support for more than an a or b . 
some people don t use any soap because the pot is seasoned much like a cast iron skillet . 
after hunting around ,  i thought i had found a decent shoehorn for a good price . 
i do not recommend this cable since it has a lot of problems . 
i think great coffee is a little bit miraculous ,  and it s worth a little extra work . 
it taste like really sweet ,  superthick chocolate pudding . 
this alone makes the press worth while . easy to clean . 
it is easy to use and i like its metal construction . 
this is by far the worst lip product i have ever purchased . 
again ,  just another case of you get what you pay for . 
if you re used to drinking grandes at starbucks ,  this is the perfect size . 
i had to take apart several times during use to clean and free the die of meat . 
i use fairly often for speghetti , stews or soups . 
turns out it is the real deal ,  in the original retail packaging ,  and appears to be new . 
my puppy did not seem to mind the spray . 
it checked all the boxes needed on the design requirements listed above . 
the clif bar to me doesn t taste good . 
this collar is horrible !  !  !  it stopped working after on use . 
it took me forever to find one of the  newer ,  slimmer  num_extend consoles . 
in fact ,  the cutscene leads you to believe that you will gain access to the  purple artifact story  . 
the only thing that i like was it made my face feel so good . and it smell great . 
it is the same qualityas the original and lets face it .  .  .  . you re kinda out of luckwithout it . 
i guess i ll just have to live with it . 
it has held up well with very little visible scratches . 
the oil absorbing feature is an added benefit !  . 
it has stood up to all my abuse and works awesome . 
my son does like to stand and play and push the buttons . 
hey ,  my bad ,  i should have paid attention to what company was shipping what . 
this wire is underrated ,  it is listed as num_extend but it is not . 
hello , i bought the screen covers for my cell phone and so far not complaints ,  very good productthank you . 
the num_extend lasted barely a year before stopping to work and a replacement broke quickly as well . 
keep them oiled up and they will last a lifetime . 
aso imho this case does not look good at all on the white num_extend
the camera is unobscured ,  and all the buttons and ports are protected . 
the pie cooked way more evenly since all of the apple pies were uniform in size . 
today it s $ and it was $ when i bought it . 
i put them in a pot with a bit of water and simmered them until they were soft . 
i got about num_num blocks away before i turned back and put my old seat back on . 
easy to add appointments ,  just pick a date and start typing . 
nowadays it s extremely cheap and you can probably get a copy off of ebay for num_num bucks max . 
the fan is large so the heating process is rather quick . 
i am on the subscription service for the slim jim pack of num_extend
i am a triathlete and runner and i ve tried a lot of nutritional products at races ,  especially drink products . 
wonderful ,  lively pattern; makes one happy using it . 
i suggest going right to the website for a better pdf version that is readable . 
the only two negatives is that the top is plastic and should be replaced by glass . 
and the mic people dont notice the difference that im using one . 
it is frustrating trying to get the baked loaf out of the pan . 
i gave it a shot once it arrived but couldn t make myself use it . 
after having pottery ones that are porous and do not work ,  this little gem keeps the butter fresh . 
i purchased this and a few days later purchased the miu num_num thermometer ,  one for each fridge . 
we tried the snickerdoodle kind and he won t eat those ,  either . 
i tried to cheap out and that is what i got . 
it s so much healthier this way !  it works great over my air popped pop corn ,  too !  . 
i have this phone and i do not recommend it . 
didn t even get to use it once !  kids very disappointed . 
at least it wouldn t cause such pressure against my eyelids . 
especially for long periods . overall ,  this is one of the nicest headsets i ve used ,  and would recommend it without hesitation . 
i love the feeling of it in my hands and its just so cute !  . 
after turning it too hard one day trying to unstick it ,  it broke . 
it is terrific for grilling onions ,  mushrooms or mixed vegetables . 
these are the regular brita pitcher replacement filters . 
it fell on some uneven concrete ,  and while the case got scratched . 
i did not enough the scrubby part since i felt thati ended up getting less product . 
the second recipe appears to be for a soup with veggie strips . 
this was my first attempt at using it s a num_extend
on the treadmill  ,  they seem to do a good job deflecting moisture . 
i found this griddle for a great price ,  and it was reversible so that was a plus . 
this is not proraso !  like it use to be . 
while i was not convinced this knife would work as advertised ,  i thought it was worth trying . 
i bought my bread machine a few weeks ago and i use it every day . 
it is glued to the keyboard and to the front surface and is quite a pain to remove . 
they arrived in a large box ,  with really nice packaging ,  for the travel . 
letting it set had little effect ,  so i eventually gave up and just ate it . 
now ,  i ve finally got a little class . very satisfied . 
reviews for this product are all over the place on whether they re airtight or watertight . 
yes this is great on the stove top . 
this device is perfect for a larger group . 
at the same time ,  they looked tough for the cats to chew . 
pan made this is great ,  but using a stone puts it over the top . 
it would connect and stay connected ,  but would not download anything . 
after you ve completed all the missions you move on to the next city with tougher missions  and more money  . 
a few common sense suggestions here :  the bowl is large and a little heavier than you re likely used to . 
or buy a second base for other rooms or for very large rooms . 
they were very large on my leg ,  and loose from bottom to top . 
the texture is kind of powdery and is as light as paper . 
came opened and spilled all over package . tryed a little of left over . 
i would change a few things on it to get five stars though . 
i figured this would translate to better reception . 
it freezes when the level is too big or there s too much action hapening  which is always  . 
each time i try to turn on my light ,  i have to go through extra steps to do so . 
great item easy to clean and to use . 
i have a lot of cases for my iphone . 
spout didn t want to deploy from the bottle ,  finally got it with tons effort . 
couple this with some great beans and a french press and you will have incredible coffee .  .  . guaranteed . 
i read about this and it sounded great . 
i found this too hard and it did put pressure on my tail bone . 
i don t remember that happening on the full price heads . 
you can get better products for this price . 
it does what it needs to do and works for me . 
i thought apple would fix the problem in the recent num_extend update but no luck . 
i would get a universal dock if that is the case . 
make me look orange not a fan art all ,  suits on counter not being used . 
if you are on a budget ,  build your collection slowly . 
you need unbelievable force combined with awkward twisting and more force before you can get air in the tire . 
after being away from home and no cell power after num_num pm i carefully researched portable external batteries . 
so after that the rice continued to burn to the bottom of the pan . 
it had somehow stuck to its axle and wasn t rotating at all . 
a better purchase would be two num_extend card for  .  .  . more . 
it then came in handy when i had to portion num_num servings of cream cheese . 
so it should not be released in food . 
it was very difficult getting the battery out because it has swelled up and burst . 
reviewing the peach ,  passionfruit ,  and mango flavor :  num_num mg vitamin c as sodium ascorbate and ascorbic acid . 
wish i had known this came in a matte finish . 
i m using it for the first time today . 
after receiving i immediately installed it and loved the darker red color . 
i have found this brand to be the best . 
i can tell you from my experience ,  this is not the case . 
he fell in love with the whole concept the very first time i made him breakfast this way . 
there is a steamer basket as well as a strainer for pasta . 
i think that i may have discovered aveeno s magic secret to making wrinkles disappear :  irritated skin . 
i bought an xbox num_num controller and the game worked . 
but i also wasnt able to use the product long enough . 
if you have to carry it up stairs ,  there is no handle . 
would recommend to anyone and everyone with an iphone num_num or num_extend
this is the absolute worst bratz doll i have ever recived ,  ever . 
we store a lot in mason jars and this vacuum attachment does a great job . 
so bummed since i had really hoped it would last . 
there is a small learning curve to master . 
this is the best coffee maker i have ever owned . 
this works perfectly for me ,  plus i love pink . 
my original mixer was received as a wedding present num_num years ago and it is still going strong . 
i really wanted this to work but it never charged my phone for more than num_num minutes . 
i double ,  triple ,  and quad checked the fit to make sure ,  but it was definitely the fans . 
i haven t used the accessory hub yet ,  but i know it will work wonderfully . 
nice you do not have to go fishing in the jar for the one you used previously . 
the newman s own peppermints are very poor quality ,  hardly any peppermint taste . 
finally i found the right cover thanks to the explanation on this site . 
i found new covers from amazon and should have used amazon in the first place . 
this is a big issue for those of us who want to install a ton of programs . 
belkin does make good products but this one is a miss . 
i passed it on to a relative because i needed a larger one . 
they cut magnificently and are well made ! haven t tried the flower snipper yet . 
this is every bit the quality and  rustic  look that i ve been seeking for sometime . 
i ve had no problems inserting the droid into the multimedia station . 
i wasn t sure what to expect with these pasta bowls as i purchased them sight unseen . 
it might have worked ,  but a placebo is broken once you arent convinced it isnt doing what it says . 
yup ,  just like others the template was off but i jerry rigged it to work . 
however it cleans very easily .  . just rinse and scrub briefly with a metal brush or pad . 
well ,  it will fit in the left side of my double sink . 
this pitcher sits on our kitchen counter next to the coffee maker . 
when i found it on amazon for a much cheaper price i happily ordered it . 
the face tracking feature is very much useless . 
i hope to never have to find out . 
i glue num_num of them together to make a base for my large num_num tier cakes . 
my aqua colored cover gets marks on it from my black belt case . definitely recommend this cover . 
the spinner continues on its axis long after the last pump . 
fabric and desing are excelent ,  but size is for fat people . 
now the back cover barely stays on which means the phone turns off all the time . 
i took the plastic off on it because i couldn t use my screen at all with it on . 
i have already bought four of these sets . 
it s poorly made  in china of the cheapest plastic i ve seen . 
then i go back and do num_num slices on the first side and num_num slices on the other side . 
this case is really two cases that combine to protect your phone . 
then the jars would not fit back into the rack . 
when you touch the case of the ipod the high freqeuncy whine goes away . 
i personally prefer the grand prix ,  but this is an issue of personal preference . 
excellent size and does not give extra bulk at all . 
it sounds great looks nice and small and its not to expensive . 
comparatively to a  store bought  plain yogurt starter ,  this start makes a more tart end product . 
i will be buying more for friends and family . 
there is just a bit of a bitter taste to them . 
the makers didn t even try to improve it . 
it s important when evaluating cameras to realize that megapixels means little about quality . 
rubbermaid usually doesn t let me down ,  so i was surprised to be let down on this . 
however ,  the anker charged both units and only dropped down to % power remaining . 
it protects the phone and i love having my cards in there . 
add $ and get the casecrown lux glider it s the two piece but it s the capsule style . 
it is a high pitched whine .  .  .  . still worth it when you think about the powerful motor and workhorse capabilities . 
too wide at opening for me as well . 
i love how it allows me to have my cell phone ring in different places throughout the house . 
this netgear print server does not work with the canon num_extend
and that is to me what this stuff tastes like . 
it did not enhance any of the thickness . 
we have to tell our guests to be careful when using . 
plug in any usb item and it has started charging them . 
i useorganic bar soap or every day shea  alaffia  to washmy hands now . 
however it tends to leave the meat very dry so it takes some getting used to . 
i don t think watering it down would really help either . 
when you think about it ,  this unit can be pretty dangerous . 
for general use it would be fine though . 
any lens that accepts a filter this large is fairly expensive . 
they fit entirely in his mouth and i fear he may choke on them . 
there s a lot of of online comparisons between these two blenders . 
i have never had overcooked food in this slow cooker . 
i did not over saturate curlers or under saturate . 
but that is part of it being stainless and unbreakable . 
this is the only stylus of it s kind i could find on amazon that clips into the charger port . 
they never fail to put a smile on the faces of those who receive them . 
i am actually very pleased with this product . 
these are faster ,  much more comfortable ,  and produce much better results . 
the battery life is as bad as reported and yes ,  i know smartphones use them up . 
however ,  they chip too easily in the dish washing machine . 
if you still want it ,  check at garage sales and don t spend over a buck for the whole kit . 
all i could detect was a taste of something that ,  to me ,  had gone rotten . 
if your dog is like ours ,  stay away . 
i have enough things to be self conscious about without smelling bad . 
runs slow on a dual core with num_num gb of ram and num_num mb of video ram . 
i ve given up on zagg and feel embarrassed for wasting my money on this . 
the hitter hits a slow roller through the left side that escapes the ss . 
love the individual colored mats for fish ,  meat ,  veggies ,  etc .  .  .  .  . helps avoid cross contamination . 
this is a nice reasonably priced pen for this use . 
i even ordered the same cable but different length in the same order and the other length was correct . 
i push buttons until it stops spinning and gives me another cryptic error . 
this worked on the coins inside my house ,  but i had no luck with it outside in the yard . 
horrible fit on all of the carnival corsets i have tried . 
i take quite a few meds with the side effect of constipation . 
this electric sharpener did just as advertised and put a nice blade on all my knives . 
she was able to put the cars on the tracks at num_num months . 
since the litter already smelled bad ,  it wasn t helping with odor control either . 
their toys challenged dogs on an intuitive ,  not human though ,  level . 
this spinner is also about the right size if you make salads for one or two people . 
unfortunately ,  my num_num month old golden retriever tore it apart in one day . 
this headset frequently drops the bluetooth connection to my phone even when it is only a few feet away . 
i ve started walking ,  and i have always hated having a cord when listening to music on my ipod touch . 
there really isn t much freedom to wonder around . 
interlocks prevent the grinder from operating if everything is not in place ,  which should prevent any inadvertent mess . 
after popping one of these into my rezound ,  there phone would boot up and shut right back down . 
it came well packaged and fit my phone like a glove . 
i m returning them because i don t think they ll be warm enough with the tight fingers . 
this allows me to add a few more inches of water to my tub so i can really soak . 
seems to put a strain on too many parts of my body . 
i ve made hundreds of amazon purchases over the years and have relied heavily on customer reviews . 
whatever i m cleaning ends up with loose bristles all over them . 
but that s why its worth renting ,  not buying . 
it came with alot of silverware for the price . 
i compared it to inexpensive apps i was using on the iphone num_extend
lotrimin cures ringworm and blue star will just make it not itch . 
looks and feels like any cheap pair you can get in chinatown . 
this item arrived quickly from the seller and it works just as advertised . 
the buttons have to be pressed fairly hard ,  changing the desired position of the earpiece . 
then i plugged it in . first i noticed my mouse didn t work . 
initially when i saw this charger i thought it would be nice to use but wasn t worth the cost . 
the amp is a cheap piece of junk . 
i sent the necessary details to otterbox and they sent me a new one free of charges . 
so these however are great ,  the front just goes in my stash with the others . 
as long as you follow your directions to the  t  ,  it will last probably for generations . 
the only increase i saw was on the scale . 
got this and found it easy to put up and heavy duty . 
put the old ones out front for trash pickup and they disappeared almost immediately . 
voyager pro+ only beeps ,  and does not offer voice controls . 
only drawback is sometimes it doesn t crack the num_extend very well and you waste one . 
i m kind of rough on holsters so having a spare one is great . 
if you ping the router ,  it typically drops over half the packets . 
worked great for the three months that it functioned . 
when you push the plunger ,  there is a mix between carnival tunes and loud suction like a blow dryer . 
i haven t played this game much yet  i guess that says it all  ,  but here s my impression so far . 
i bought this game a few days ago because my pirated copy of knockout kings num_num was malfunctioning . 
it is easy to use and comfortable to hold . 
i have difficulty using the remote except sitting down on the couch in front of the player . 
great purchase for me ,  i use this several times a day . 
on an airplane ,  however ,  the right earphone produced an earsplitting whine . 
the only plus  which gained it an extra star  was that i like the smell . 
that is the spot that seems to frequently collapse . 
it broke the minute i tried to adjust my sights . 
i bought this because it had many positive reviews . 
i own an ipad ,  kindle touch ,  and a blackberry . 
at this point ,  i may not ever buy the keurig . 
i owned a vitamix before $ and the juiceman is equal in it s power . 
i also want to continue using the holder in my cabinet . 
i got one because my husband had one and raved about it . 
i ve never been a hot coffee person ,  or much of a coffee person in general . 
i didn t miss any steps or try to do it without reading the instructions ,  though . 
gmo soy caused sterility by the num_extend generation in two studies done on lab animals . 
they literally last forever or at least a lifetime or two . 
not a wind tunnel ,  but exactly what i expected out of this small of a fan !  . 
it doesn t smell bad and you don t need much of it . 
this unit is cute ,  easy to install ,  and easy to use . 
the blade moves slower than other slicers i ve owned in the past ,  but it works very well regardless . 
a much safer way of heating up your meal . 
i really thought ,  that after some time ,  it gets better . 
went to install the stock rail and when i did the front screw held . 
the furniture is metal so i was hoping to save some space by utilizing the doors on the cupboards . 
 note :  do not attempt to  snap  the back plate onto the rear of the bumper piece . 
oh ,  so you know ,  your great great grandchildren will enjoy them too . 
a quick spray before cooking and after cleaning will keep this piece in great condition . 
i drink about two quarts of coffee each weekend morning ,  so hot coffee for four hours is important . 
i took the entire pkg of these pearls . 
my daughter was very disappointed with the product . 
we wanted a good one ,  but most of the good ones are incredibly expensive for the average user . 
i don t have any real issues with this unit except the volume . 
i wish we could give negative stars for a piece of dreck like this . 
i had num_num units til instead of returning tp cingular . 
no it is not real leather ,  but who cares ?  it only cost $
they look ,  and are labeled like the original charger for the atrix num_extend
the only thing i don t like ,  having to reconnect every time i restart my truck . 
i make a point of only buying games where the demo works on my box  and i like it  . 
temperature is accurate . had trouble with the handle coming loose after second time using . 
i sharpened it which makes it better but not as good as others i ve used . 
my new years day brunch was a delicious success . 
the product came quickly ,  and it is what it says it is . 
my ears are still ringing from my bowlful . 
the sellers markup on this product must be tremendous . 
once in place ,  it squishes out of your dentures all over the outside . 
i rented this game on num_extend because i don t have a num_extend
we just pour the eggs into the pan and pop it into the microwave . 
as a vessel i use primarily for handling large volumes of liquid ,  it is ergonomically nearly perfect . 
i am committed to healthy cooking ,  so not having to use oil to prevent sticking is a plus . 
half of the time i have to enter the code twice . 
i have num_num indoor cats and this is never a perfect fit . 
thanks amazon really are trusting and very confident in their transactions . 
you have to put a bit of wrist power into the pounding as its quite light . 
bottom line ,  don t waste your money on this garbage !  . 
as julia child reminds people all the time ,  a fine paring knife is a must . 
i have one in scarlet red and one in black . 
swing the filter back and then let it filtered through into the pot . 
it might work for dogs but i wouldn t recommend a spray like this for cats . 
i read some horrible reviews about kitchenaid blenders but this has the new gear box housing and works well . 
bought from amazon back in april num_extend didn t try to use it until just recently . 
not sure why microsoft has not stopped this company from selling this damaging product . 
the only negative is you can t listen to your music through this headset . 
when you get some mascara on your lashes ,  it winds up all clumpy . 
it looks like it was supposed to be for and iphone or something . 
drains my phone and my phone sometimes will not connect with it . 
the packaging was pretty cool ,  with a magnetic clip ,  and the product was easy to take out and use . 
they even sat on it and it held up . 
we ve owned several of these toys and they last a long time before getting destroyed . 
i can t believe some of the reviews written for this case . 
it takes time to get it right ,  but once you do it s the coffee version of good sex . 
my first otterbox series hybrid case for my bionic tore after about a solid year of use . 
hamburgers  fat tastes good ,  lets face it num_extend
whoever designed this bag probably didn t use it . 
my measurements are now accurate and i don t worry if the sauces are going to be good . 
doesn t come with any sort of belt or restraint ,  this is really just an expensive booster seat . 
it is not that repeat playable in its current configuration and offers no value for my money . 
i have purchased num_num cheap rice cookers until this one . 
the noise is not just distracting ,  it is maddening . 
i have a metrokane rabbit wine opener that i love . 
i purchased because they were recommended by cooks illustrated . 
while this is called a num_num inch spatula ,  that num_num inches includes the handle . 
the stems aren t the most durable around ,  but that s expected . 
not only that there are a ton of extra benefits with chamomile . 
this was great for mash potatoes ,  carrots and yams . 
who doesn t keep a case on their iphone ?  . 
i purchased this as an extra fro travel ,  works well for both phone and kindle . 
it s large enough to hold the galaxy num_extend with a hard shell case on the phone . 
it still upset my stomach ,  so still to much acid !  . 
day one this liner fades and smudges on my eyelids and waterline . 
they all perform their function well and with style . 
for roasting chicken or turkey ,  i like a stainless steel roaster  with an aluminum core  . 
sometimes red is a little hard to see so the green is a nice option to have . 
tried to hook this up to an apple tv for digital audio and could not make it work . 
some of the time a bottle on its side won t leak ,  but it is just a likely to leak . 
instead it confines the pee and keeps it off my dog s paws . 
price is right especially when crepe making is an occasional event . 
basically it s a worthless product for someone who enjoys the game and the challenge of sudoku . 
no ,  it wasn t too tight ,  i ve been dealing withthem for years . 
not expelkin ,  but it turned out that kinivo num_extend was better for audio calls over this . 
this is my one and only case for my blackberry . 
wore the men s shoe for the first time on may num_extend num_extend
nothing like the quality of older record players like the webcor . 
the donvier is not restricted to just these recipes but can handle others as well . 
the creatures scream in agony as you repeatedly flame them . 
i m so very disappointed ,  i don t like throwing money away as i live on social security . 
the next thing i noticed was the beefy holster and the wide ,  ratcheting belt clip . 
well taken care of ,  it will provide years of good service in your kitchen top and oven . 
their packing is terrible and everything has arrived broken . 
second ,  the flavor combination here doesn t knock me off my feet ,  like the raspberry chipotle variety . 
this hoe is not the same ,  however .  the pan is just plain simple and the output is oh so good . 
the standard size and type of acrylic board used for years . 
i suspect these will last about a year or so ,  and then it will be time to replace them . 
i ve read another user s review about how the lettering came off . 
i ve used them in this capacity for a few years now . 
it is heavy enough to not tip over with utensils in it ,  and the color is a vivid red . 
i am glad i bought this instead of a fancy coffee machine that froths . easy to use ,  easy to clean . 
but ,  sadly this game disappoints those true fans to the show . 
i ve had two plantronics that i liked ,  but wanted something less bulky . 
i ordered this sponge thinking it was the real beauty blender . 
feels cheap but has gone for multiple charges . 
that limitation essentially ruins the static routing feature ,  as by default ,  all traffic goes to the wan port . 
this case is a perfect fit ,  the screen protector is even surprisingly good quality . 
they ll go to into the trash easy enough !  . 
the money is not the issue ,  it is the time and effort spent that just burns me up . 
seriously ,  the color of the stocking material is almost laughable its so yellow . 
and the weird material of the watch band makes your wrist start to perspire almost immediately . 
i came back with soaking wet feet again . 
i dread the job for days before i finally have to make myself clean them . 
if cook s illustrated recommends it ,  i m buying it . 
the balance and grip of these knives are as close to perfect as i have found . 
i just ordered num_num orders of those num_extend bolts total  for only $ after shipping . hope this review helps . 
the other water fountain by this company never had a issue like this one does . 
this microplane is a zester and very good at it . 
were nt expensive but u could save your money and get better satisfaction from buying a cup of coffee !  . 
since the cost was nearly nil  other than a couple of bucks for shipping  ,  i did not pursue replacement . 
they have averaged about five years of daily popping . 
make me think ,  let me solve puzzles ,  not just bash things ,  it gets old very fast . 
i do wonder if the store bought espresso with its finer grind ,  delivers better coffee . 
i love the ease of use and ease of cleaning . 
i had to unplug the computer and start it up again to get function . 
suddenly ,  you notice a jeep sitting out in the open ,  all alone . 
i can mix up the flavorings or have none ,  whatever i feel like . 
the plastic a but melted and it left blue streaks on one pan . 
but then again it was not expensive at all . 
monopoly has num_num times more interest ,  strategy and educational value than this dud . 
easy clean up and i prefer the manual wind up cord system over any automated spring action thing . 
readings were all over the place way to touchy .  .  . i sent it back . 
% should still be enough to read for a bit ,  rather than going psycho and taking over the device . 
quality product . the cord could stand to be a little longer ,  but it is of a decent length . 
i ve never had a vacuum with better suction ,  no matter what the price . 
i used it constantly until num_num when hurricane katrina flooded my home and i lost it . 
the pan is too shallow and it is difficult to get the cornbread sticks out of the pan . 
these knives are useful and helpful when serving cheeses while entertaining . 
i don t need it at all in everyday circumstances . 
if i ran my fingers through my hair during the day ,  i lost a little more . 
well i never actually got a chance to use this toner . 
he tried the hard cooked eggs and the shells just slid off the eggs . 
it was amazingly $ cheaper than the asking price you see now . 
kept water much warmer and for longer than the carafe it replaced . 
if size ,  battery power and transportability are important ,  this is the way to go . 
so not only is it stinky but it wont do what it s suppose to do now . 
given amazon s great customer service i m sure i can return it but it s not really worth sending it back . 
i would totally recommend this case  !  i already have like num_num of these and they do the job . 
i have used it only for light cleaning . 
looked forward to replacing my classic knife on my keychain because the scissor feature did not perform well . 
i purchased these binos because they appeared to be a good deal . 
they are heavy duty ,  will last a lifetime . 
this weed eater is no good at all . 
terrible product ! spa sister white cotton overnight moisture gloves . 
even warming in hands firstplus ,  true test for true argan oil is it is absorbed . 
even things like dove that has a fairly neutral scent . 
what was in there only lasted me a few weeks . 
i initially wrote a glowing review for this product but have done more research since . 
the lid was very simple and easy to put on and i had no trouble with it at all . 
okay .  .  . i really did a lot of research before buying this product . 
they are cheap when you think about ,  my local hardware store sells them for a little bit more . 
for $ this product is a must have for handheld tech users . 
it is so nice to know i am covered . 
i tried every apple cable i could find ,  and even ordered a higher end cable than apple ships themselves . 
it s easy to clean ,  pours without making a mess ,  and closes very securely for travel . 
i was obviously having a ditz moment ! the value of this item ,  just in food saved ,  should not be underestimated . 
the old one failed to release one too many bundt cakes . 
would all be better options that are in a similar price range . 
too bad ,  would rather have my fur child ingesting natural meds . 
i could wear them all day and not know they were there . 
screen protectors were identical to those purchased from verizon ,  at a much better price . 
i think they should offer it with a glass top for the price . 
liked the first one so much i got a backup for party time . 
it does not work for cheddar at all . 
some obvioiusly do and i m sorry for that . 
i would say under num_num actually survived to be released . 
i will repeat num_num times ,  you get what you pay for ,  you get what you pay for . 
hey if u really are a starter go ahead and buy the thing .  .  . suckers . 
it also says that you need proof of purchase  pop  . 
or i d check and it d be sideways in the shoe . 
apparently it takes some skill or trial and error to get it right . 
most complained about brightness ,  but otherwise said it was a cute flashlight and fine for use as a toy . 
second ,  the toast setting is determined by time ,  in whole minute increments only . 
not entirely since it does full num_extend hd recording and has a num_extend camera . 
mind that edge ,  folks . edit this post | permalink . 
 in our experience actual  bag clips  are much too large because they get caught on things in the freezer .   . 
on the fifth use ,  it started leaking in the coiled part of the tubing  on a bend  . 
nice fine pieces ,  bigger pieces ,  it s all under your control with the pulse buttons . 
in order to read it it clearly ,  i have to turn the watch to the side . 
i gave this as a gift and its perfect . 
it was hard to take it off ,  too . if you re picky when it comes down to fitment ,  look elsewhere . 
the plot ,  which is rather an unorganized one ,  also takes on some bizarre twists . 
once you find that ,  it s easy to use and to find when the phones are on . 
my bissell has a heat option that keeps the warm water warm . 
no worries about the mechanics breaking at this point . 
seems like a good product ,  but for my fine ,  straight ,  oily hair it just didn t do the job . 
charging was constantly interrupted and i had to move the cable a bit so it would start charging again . 
it s kind of big for a backpacking tent anyway . 
someone ,  somewhere ,  cut a few too many corners on this product . 
but when cutting it tends to throw the clippings up rather then back into the catcher . 
i m a longtime virgin mobile customer that was also a helio customer before and after vm acquired them . 
i bought this for my mom of num_num yrs old . 
i began to avoid recipes calling for zest . 
gross !  so i thought i must not have cleaned it properly . 
i did nothing to rip it myself ,  just noticed a hole there in the ribbing . 
if this is true ,  then i blame the failure of this game on the lack of such a resource . 
more than i want my money back ,  i want those missed hours of my life back !  . 
the set is attached with a ring clip that is also very durable so they won t come apart unintentionally . 
the bra is absoltuely beautiful and the lace is pretty just fits terribly . 
my fiance also got the num_extend on our upgrade . 
i would take this back to the store if i could . 
i began adding num_num packs of stevia in the raw . 
there are cheaper ones which does the same job ,  but this product has a good design and a stand . 
i decided to work through the pain and ugliness and give the shoes at least a two day trial . 
i see no improvement of any kind and i ve been using this for a while . 
fits perfectly and is exactly what i wanted and order . 
love my fiestaware for years but they are so heavy on my aging hands . 
the iphone num_num does not fit all that great . 
it does make the iphone speaker sound louder . 
we tried cookies once and they came out ok ,  but we probably wont use it for that again . 
it is the only one that i have seen that will also work with an ipad . 
and the dirt cup is not what you might call large . 
even when something sticks to it ,  it comes off easily unlike before . 
it had a tiny tiny slot in it for a strap . 
i guess i just expected better . i did not test these outdoors so maybe there are good for that purpose . 
our old one broke so we went with this one ,  refurbished . 
don t burn the butter ,  but let the pecans cook slightly . 
i like it so well i ordered num_num sets . 
they use four aa batteries and have num_num watt of power output per speaker . 
i was pleased with the num_num piece tea set made in china . 
i like the purple sparkling iphone case , it helps protect my iphone . 
wilton excelle elite make a great line of metal baking pans . 
loreal for some reason only packs a small tube of toner into the box . 
i am currently wearing the slippers that i thought were worn out ,  which is why i bought the isotoners . 
the coolest part is the polar bear slide . 
i m glad it has the extra cable so it can go into a computer . 
it isn t so bad that you couldn t play but it definitely gets annoying super fast . 
it has a lot of power and chops food very quickly . 
from the many online reviews i ve read ,  early versions of the num_extend had problems with lockups and dropped calls . 
it s hard to use these type of clippers as opposed to a dremmel with a really wiggly puppy . 
also not enough pockets for cords ,  batteries ,  cables ,  etc . 
another big plus for this model is the button layout . 
if i were to sneeze then people would see my hoo haw or anus because of the length . 
however the slightly thinner screen of the num_extend makes it easier to hold in my num_extend
now it does go down very quick but as long as you charge it after every use . 
don t buy if you re expecting a shimmery mocha ,  the shimmer doesn t really transfer to the eye at all . 
i was so impressed with it ,  i decided to try other toys from this brand . 
the mint creme flavor comes on too strongly ,  and makes the cookie just taste off . 
the first time or two ,  take your time . 
this in an invaluable kitchen tool for making homemade gravy and soup . 
it s plastic inside and out with some type of reinforcing fiber woven through it . 
they work pretty good and the sound is great !  they are a little flimsy ,  but they should be fine . 
it s solid value too ,  so that makes me happy . 
of course this game doesn t have online capabilites because it came out before xbox live was even released . 
i don t know where it came from ,  or what it was . 
i wouldn t recommend these and certainly wouldn t buy them again . 
usually every year i buy him a new one . 
it bugs me that so many of these reviews are fake methods of advertisement . 
waiting for the outcome ,  hopefully the phone will be really fixed this time . 
my hair is very silky and soft but it always is ,  so not what i was looking for . 
it s also easy to assemble and easy to use . 
there are better harnesses that do the job better . 
you have the option of not having to have the sweeper attached to the battery charger . 
don t waste your money on high priced name brand cases . 
i m thinking i may return this but i ll give it a couple days thought . 
this pan bakes up a great num_extend bear cake that will wow everyone . 
i was able to get a nice even grind suitable for espresso . 
i ve purchased num_num from other places that didn t work for syncing data ,  so i was quite pleased . 
i was so disappointed and the kids were too . 
this is not a good deal and this jacket is cheaply made . 
in the num_extend mom was sold on joe dimaggio s pitch for mr . 
got it in the mail and followed instructions to get it working . 
if you re a fan of the french press ,  you really can t go wrong with the frieling . 
as with any cast iron pan ,  it cleans easily and cooks awesomely . 
great control ,  great whisking action ,  fits perfectly with a tiny footprint in my top drawer . 
the cuisinart is a very disappointing product if you know what can be produced for half the price . 
still ,  it does its job ,  and is really easy to clean when necessary . 
the products arrived promptly and work as advertised . 
i immediately washed it off and applied an ice pack . 
this osterizer i ve been using for several years ,  and quite frequently . 
my screen remains crystal clear and the touch sensitivity has not suffered one bit . 
not only that but my skin ended up being dryer the longer i used this lotion . 
for years ,  it is way too big for every day ,  single person use . 
these batteries outperform both and for a much better price . 
the enemies vary in their quality but typically the bosses are very detailed . 
thid does an excellent job of cooking eggs . 
using two or having to scoop out the ingredients three times . 
these bars presently sell in a box of num_extend $ per bar . 
i love anything zebra print and this was no exception . 
i have used this many times ,  but can t seem to roll as well without handles . 
it looks just like the picture shows !  !  way better than plain shakers . 
works perfectly !  !  i am very happy with the purchase . 
arrived on time . easy to use but too much waste for an expensive product . they protect from freezer burn as advertised . 
a lot of other vaporizers have lasted a year or so and then i throw them out . 
even though you can speed through the walking it still is quite boring . 
everything comes apart ,  so you can just throw it in the dishwasher  in the silverware tray  . 
i was after a grinder that would give me consistency without spending an arm and a leg . 
i only use it a couple of times a year !  . 
i use these in all of my kitchen drawers and in the boudoir ,  too . 
this replacement pack used to work with braun series num_num num_extend model  and i ve ordered it multiple times . 
i have found it practical for stir fry and other similar cooking . 
i ve always pretty much looked at cooking as a tedious chore . 
i would love to return this headset for one that would remain in place when i am moving around . 
with only one exception i was never quite pleased with the resulting beverage . 
she must be the mother to an elf . 
last time i bought belts for my hoover they were oem . 
my conclusion is that the radio shack digital pocket radio that lists for $ is the better radio . 
it has a longer usage life and can be left in the charger too . 
you would have to have the thing next to your ear to hear it . 
i know a lot of nurses and others who are on their feet a lot wear these . 
if you live in an area with relatively few fm stations ,  this transmitter would be great . 
i found it did not to help after all of the pain it caused . 
however ,  in our tests in an old house ,  traditional snap traps continue to catch mice ,  and this one hasn t . 
i don t think i ll play this one again . 
i had a couple of good brands in the past for those everyday needs and they expired . 
i ve used these for years . however ,  just now i couldn t remember how to change it . 
this are veeeeeeeeeeeeeeery thin and just for a one day use . 
i called customer service to confirm that i d assembled it correctly . 
i thought this would be a great solution . 
truth be told ,  this is a must have ,  and i want one . 
they are better made and leave a car looking better than this product . 
i ll have to experiment and see if i can do better . 
i looked at the reviews and did some homework on the diamonds . 
being vegetarian ,  i ve used mine exclusively for fresh vegetables and rice . 
so i guess if you are fussy about hand fit you should try this baby out before buying . 
however before it died ,  the screen kept turning blue with a message to hit the reset button . 
the opening for the micro usb connection is slightly too small . 
i can understand the point of the lock ,  but this thing is a piece of junk . 
it is perfect to pick up crumbs etc . 
it showed up fast and looks very good . 
this is maybe the best of auto phone holders . 
also ,  of course ,  you can try feeding the toddle smoothies and juice rather than this formula with corn syrup . 
the graphics are ok and i am sure the game might even be fun . 
beats the hell out of using a pyrex cup all the time . 
after transitioning him to the canidae ,  his stools were loose and yellow . 
these mats are easy to clean and last a long time . 
he also has much greater range . my advice is to pay close attention to the reviews . 
vegetarian dog foods get higher scores . one of the top ingredients is animal fat . 
charger works and the battery lasts longer than the stock battery that came with the htc sensation . 
i have tried everything , now i will feed the deer , and give up on the garden !  . 
i can only imagine generations of italians have used this same unit and it probably hasn t changes in ages . 
it also comes in a hard plastic case that can stand on the counter ,  if you wish . 
as a gardener ,  i m familiar with deer off . 
you ll remember how it used to taste when you were a kid . 
my pup has no interest in this toy . 
the cannons and line infantry in empire :  total war were epic to hear . 
i gave the set num_num stars because ,  for the most part ,  it worked as described . 
the tubing is flimsy and of poor quality plastic . 
not only did it not do its pore minimizing namesake ,  it looked awful . 
these thinkthin bars do not have much flavor and have an unpleasantly gritty texture . 
the cutters i have do not mate with the hole inserts so cutting donuts is a two step operation . 
it s like a big plastic bubble over the face of the phone ,  and it is very hard to use . 
i did not receive stockings with it ,  as some of the other reviews stated . 
bluetooth works well with active sync and cordless num_extend
this  oxo good grips measuring cups updated design  set ,  is lovely . 
i wish they had one for iphone plug . 
my topeak ,  as well as my silca and zefal ,  had none of these issues . 
i bought this pot for the sole purpose of being able to bake dark soda bread in it . 
if you don t need to wear your phone on your hip ,  stck with this horizontal version . 
oh ,  and if you miss their birthday dont expect any help . 
this bra was so small i could not even get it on . 
some said they had adorama logo on them . 
to be more connected to certain tasks i . feel is fulfilling . 
unfortunately ,  the quality is not as good as in the past . 
we tried playing a couple times ,  but we all found it to be kind of boring . 
i trust kitcheaid so i didn t hesitate to buy this oven thermometer . 
this is a great quality press and it cleans up so easily . 
and ,  it works awesome with a num_extend too . 
i made this with with small cup setting on my keurig ,  thinking it would be mild . 
after that ,  things went downhill pretty quickly . the next morning ,  i broke out the new griddle to make some pancakes . 
previously ordered a variety of think thin bars and never considered complaining about anything . 
i bought an $ pair of bushels num_extend right here on amazon for my kids to use . 
plugged it in ,  got my cell phone to sync with the unit . 
looks graet on paper and sounds like a great deal . 
i would have returned them ,  but my inside cats thought they were ok . 
the next morning i noticed my danios were sitting on the bottom of the tank . 
i can t believe i did without a pair of these for so long . 
mine still looks almost new with minimal darkening of the heating surface . 
i put them on and can t wait to take them off . 
and it is not trackable .  .  .  .  . you kinda have to take it with blind faith that it is on its way . 
i could tell the difference of good and fresh new rice from others that are not . 
i have two corgis and they heard it . 
as long as you can manage your cleanups within the available battery power ,  you re going to be very pleased . 
we use the top as a measuring cup . 
how can it not ?  it s kind of awesome .  phone features : awesome . 
it would be suitable for a couple or a single person . 
and the cable and charger are both legit motorola devices . 
if you want to feed your dog a quality food ,  find something else . 
if you looking for a small food processor this is your answer . 
its inferior to the other brand and really isnt strong enough . 
the lid handle and side handle have never been too hot to touch while heating the water . 
it s not a charcoal one ,  for example ,  that would readily absorb all the cooking odors . 
how much would it have cost to add a slip of paper with instructions in the package ?  . 
after rings pulled out ,  i removed the scope and returned to iron sights . 
i didn t give this game a rating because i haven t played it yet . 
this is a perfect pan and roasting rack for the turkey or roast . 
i should have bought halo when i had the chance . 
the next time ,  it stopped with one minute left and never rang . 
the only thing i would recommend about this product is for nunaturals to change back to their old formula . 
it s the way the outside plate is molded . 
think of the bike on the wizard of oz and you get the picture . 
it is much sturdier than the ones i ve used in the past . 
the gel tips and loop makes it very comfortable and fits nice and snug . 
skip the first teenage mutant ninja turtles game . 
it s a good concept , but needs have a larger capacity . 
after testing this glass on a sunny day i will update my review . 
well ,  let s just say i only tried that once . 
it is the worst beauty product i ve ever purchased . 
i bought this after my bichon had a very serious bladder stones  calcium based  . 
after that it would not turnon ,  even after reformatting . 
this is perfect for my cotton swab container . 
if they won t play with it ,  no use buying them . 
i m disappointed in this toy because i have several other kong  squeaker  toys that have lasted years . 
i bought this at the same time i bought an otterbox . 
so i decided on the zojirushi after reading all the reviews . 
great price for $ for an oem battery ,  however ,  i had a less than positive experience with the battery . 
otterbox has never really disappointed me with the defender . 
they are so thick and of such high quality that i can t imagine i ll ever need a replacement set . 
however ,  after a few months and several dozen cans ,  it is certainly doing it s job . 
plus ,  i really just can t recommend this game to anyone . 
i enjoy the weight of the glass and the handle ,  it feels comfortable to carry and to pour . 
it works with usb charging cables to recharge your devices . 
it never overheats the coffee ,  never burns it . 
i then had to clean each cup individually . 
the stuff was like $ for a tiny little bottle ,  and digested about as well as tree bark . 
it plays audio through it well and charges . 
basically ,  just a quick swipe with a wet paper towel should do the trick . 
we ve been very pleased with this toaster oven after using it for a month . 
my favorite feature is the button that controls the sound level the recipient of my call experiences . 
we replaced the standard steel mesh with a charcoal filter replacement from our supply for the kitty litter box . 
these work great and i will buy again !  thanks !  . 
i read a lot of the reviews on here . 
seems to be well made and feels sturdy . 
you can actually see the pollen ,  dust ,  pet hair ,  etc . 
i regularly go num_num days before charges now . 
the docked view is nice i was thinking of using this instead of my normal alarm clock . 
this item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase . 
it has a very small pump head and only pumps a very small blob of soap . 
overall it fits my lifestyle perfectly ,  both professional and personal . 
this luggage scale doesn t work if you want to weigh a luggage that is about num_num pounds . 
i am returning the unit and looking for another one ,  probably not from plantronics . 
really no major complaints and boy can it clean !  well ok i guess i do have one complaint . 
the isi spatula heads are a lot longer than the head on these oxo small spatulas . 
these are important distinctions to know when purchasing headphones . 
my favorite is the jawbone for clarity of conversation but this one for staying on your ear . 
the slicer from the grocery store ,  the dollar store and a superstore ,  all of them had handles that bent . 
this battery case is a good battery life extender . 
it is just not cost effective enough to return this for a warranty claim . 
the larger one works great with her big family and large cast iron skillet . 
i ordered this as a wedding band after we had been married a year . 
this is good quality and will be a pan that i use for a very long time to come . 
she really seemed to prefer to push around a jumbo sized pampers box . 
instead i got a form letter telling me that the rebate wasn t accepted . 
the buttons are very clear and make sense . 
the wood on three of the pieces is completely cracked . 
the trick is to not overheat expensive coffee beans during the grinding process and this unit does it well . 
my dog popped a hole in it within a week and he s a little dog . 
that s so much better than red or blue . 
personally i like the slimmer phone but my wife has the seido num_extend and is happy  lasts num_num days . 
the aseptic container pictured resembles the num_num ounce cartons that i buy at the store . 
looks great and everyone asks where i got it . 
i purchased another one of these  solar system floor puzzle  but haven t opened it yet . 
given the exceptional price under contract ,  this phone is a no brainer for those looking for an upgrade . 
i can t stand big chunks of flax seeds . 
makes excellent waffles ,  easy to clean ,  compact size ,  good quality . 
upon first receiving this item  items  i found the charger to have a faulty contact . 
this spatula is the first i ever owned made of silicone . 
we use this pizza cutter regularly since it was purchased about num_num years ago . 
once before i tried ordering a blackberry battery on line and it turned out to be a fake knockoff . 
works great ,  i love the extra usb plug in . 
what doesn t make it into the air builds up inside the vacuum parts ,  not the dust bin . 
bought this as a gift for my mother for christmas ,  she loves it . 
i purchased these knives to upgrade my num_num year old set of the same type . 
when we returned home ,  the bread was not molded and was edible . 
this is small ,  handy ,  inexpensive and works great . 
it seemed to fade fast however ,  so i was hoping for something with better staying power . 
i quickly wiped it off with paper towel and didn t think about it again . 
impress your bbqing friends by bringing it with you to cook on their grill . 
it does have some trouble focusing and is kind of  loud  focusing . 
when it is pushed around the house at a higher speed it is extremely loud . 
note that your contacts ,  calendar ,  and tasks will continue to be stored the internal memory . 
but that won t be for a very long time . 
they gave me a credit on the initial order to cover the cost of purchasing the missing parts . 
when i was new to the hobby ,  a few years ago ,  i purchased this skimmer . 
five minutes later it s nicely crisp on the outside ,  with hot melted cheese on the inside . 
the jabra supreme is the one i am keeping . 
the speaker was very simple to set up and connect to my phone . 
youtube showed some flying well and some having the same experience i did . 
 i will also add that i think it s bigger than i expected . 
charges fast and and stays charged for a while ,  has plenty capabilities and looks good ,  too . 
other pieces fit best for taking my lunch to work . 
i took a mule deer at num_num yards with a quartering toward shot . 
i expected spicy and the bag wasn t so i was turned off . 
yep , if you had one of these grills in the past ,  then you know exactly what i m talking about . 
quite how a piece of solid metal is meant to interface with a beam of light is beyond me . 
it almost makes you feel kind of sad . verdict ?  the wii has nothing going for it . 
ok ,  water resistance is great for beach trips . 
we precisely added the amount of water for soft boiled and they came out overdone . 
spend less and get real ,  raw shea in tubs big enough to not run out every week . 
the pan sits firmly on the glass top . 
when i took this brand of garlic oil ,  my upper arms down to the elbow would break out . 
i contacted uncle milton who said it could take longer in colder climates . 
i used this machine on a rug by my entry . 
i figured i would pick it up because of the num_extend price tag but that s about what it s worth . 
but then it was a crap shoot . sometimes it would brew the coffee ,  while other times it would not . 
for a family who uses a lot of sugar ,  this bowl would be small . 
needed a new battery ,  so why not go big . 
we play it for maybe ten minutes and then all are bored . 
heads fall apart after a couple weeks of use . 
etc .   these containers make a pefect way to keep them . 
i am so mad that i don t even want to talk about it anymore . 
a sticky label does not affect the function of this excellent saucepan . 
i personally don t think killing animals for leather is an ecologically responsible action . 
it had plastic shrinkwrap around it ,  but apparently it leaker during shipment . 
it was the first whisk i have ever owned and i really love it . 
for value and good gaming that beats the gc go with the dreamcast . 
i can use the plastic cup in the microwave to reheat coffee . 
all of the games are to old to play on my pc . 
what a beautiful pasta rack !  there are plenty of arms to hang pasta and tall enough for my need . 
and forget the tiny trimmer ,  it is just too hard to use . 
this can be a pain because turning correctly is a bit of a challenge . 
it works spectacularly with hard cheeses like parmasan ,  shaving it effortlously into tiny curls . 
right then and there i knew it was junk . 
and the handle does not get to hot frying them . 
i m not quite sure how to describe it .  . kind of grainy . 
i had heard such great things about this game but in all reality i found it very boring . 
i couldn t even swallow the bite of toast . 
the headphones are really heavy on your ears . 
the eggs will slid out without any effort and the clean up is easy . 
when i gave them tomy parrots they all went to hae a close up look and refused to eat . 
update august num_extend num_extend using the latest flash about a month ago ,  the router is far more stable . 
this may be the nature of the fm signal . 
at full volume ,  the good news is ,  they won t damage your hearing . 
i ve only used this to steam my dumplings and it does a wonderful job . 
we did a nice trout minuere last evening . 
it is about the size of a hand trowel . 
open it up and fill it with whatever you want  feel free to be creative  . 
i really like the fact you can charge the case with the phone in it . 
it did not produce the smooth ,  creamy taste that they enjoy . 
well ,  today was that day ,  phone died at work and my work charger broke also . 
the installation was so smooth and quick ,  i was amazed . 
i know you can buy a more durable item than this . 
i gave these earphones a good two months of break in time ,  and they just never got any better . 
i went to the eye doctor with my num_num year old . 
great fit and superior protection for your iphone num_extend
very innovative ,  fantastic idea and the cats really like playing with it . 
however ,  upon the very first sip ,  i couldn t believe how far from vanilla taste this coffee was . 
rotting in the sun . i put a throw rug down from walmart and she doesn t blink an eye . 
does the price make you suspicious ?  it did me . 
you have to get right next to it to hear it . 
and of course the first one is cold by the time the second one comes out . 
my family has tried several brands of this same design . 
i actually use an iphone num_extend but also have an older evo num_extend on hand . 
i ve even used it on tomatoes  don t exert a lot of pressure  ,  celery ,  grapefruit ,  oranges ,  turnips ,  parsnips ,  and carrots . 
great timer ,  quality seems to be much better than the other brands i bought over the past few years . 
i realize that is not the intended purpose of this bag . 
after eating a few ,  is definite not worth the price of grocery store . 
the paper never stays in place and she often ends up drawing on the plastic . 
the extra num_extend really makes a difference . nothing sticks to the finish and it is a breeze to wash by hand !  !   . 
i plan on keeping this phone for a while and i feel it is a great value . 
i really wanted this product to work because i hate gasoline powered lawn mowers . 
i love the size ,  form factor ,  and usability of this headset . 
i tried apple cider vinegar alone without this ,  cleared up a pimple i couldn t get rid of . 
i thought i was some kind of freak since it was not working for me . 
i used to dread shaking and knocking the old filter outside ,  with dust blowing back in my face . 
i ve been searching for a latch box for my daughter ,  but they re all over $ each . 
i must admit ,  this is my first exposure to the tomb raider franchise . 
surprised at the water that came off from the spin . 
from the tracfone saving book it wouldn t take it . 
as for these boots feeling like athletic shoes ,  i d have to say no . 
i waited till it was dry and vacuumed it up . 
i have purchased two different covers for the current phone i have . 
they fit properly and we have no problems with them . 
i am selling my xbox after playing a few games and not even over num_num hours of gameplay . 
we have had fun testing them and it is something that i have always had an interest in . 
be careful !  i would have left one star but thankfully amazon let me return the cable without any hassle . 
being in the side vent of my car keeps it very handy for viewing and hearing . 
i m not sure if it was user error or what ,  but we tried to follow instructions . 
the grills are removable for easy cleanup ,  which is a nice convenience . 
i was tired of having a metal ladle and fearing that it would scratch my pots . 
i cannot recommend this game to anybody  unless i want to see that person throw a fit  . 
we have used different grinders for many years . 
this is an expensive cat food that is mostly gravy with a little shredded chicken mixed in . 
it s probably much more realistic than other wwii shooters ,  but it gets annoying very fast . 
perhaps i m not looking correctly ,  but the functionality is very limited with the multimedia dock . 
i am sometimes limited in the things in which i can make in this pan due to the depth . 
it is strong enough to do a good job and does not harm your pots . 
got this to use once a day to hopefully prevent those random little suckers and keep my face clean . 
it works well with a wide variety of devices . 
the oscillation feature is really cool ,  and it s a very quiet fan . 
now if it could also quickly bake cookies and play cool music we d be set . 
or you could just wait for the next generation to arrive . 
there s a lot of flaws with this bluetooth that other ,  cheaper devices don t have . 
i like this original nokia charger .  . very cheap but shipping is more expensive than the original price . 
i mean really bad sticking to the point that the product requires almost full time attention . 
the company took it back and is sending me a refund . 
i can t believe someone hasn t invented a much better sifter for the baby boomer generation . 
once your phone is fully charged ,  however ,  it turns off . 
i would recommend anker batteries to anyone needed to upgrade . 
i then found it to be completely useless and annoying to use . 
this one works for me ,  hence ,  my take on it . 
the different options  fine to coarse  for grind are nice . 
however ,  the phone works as advertised and continues to receive meaningful updates and features from google . 
the permanent filter is nice but depending on how finely ground the coffee is ,  it can cause problems . 
my three bedroom apartment is long and narrow ,  with window unit air conditioners at either end . 
it s going to rot my teeth for sure and leave a sticky mouth feel . 
i have been a shortwave buff and radio collector for many years . 
somehow those were worse !  eventually i went to menards and got a pair for $ there . 
plus ,  the cord is too short for desktop use . 
the size is perfect for keeping gravy warm ,  i use it for veggies and warm dips for parties . 
if you have sensitive skin ,  you will need to change the cord it comes with . 
it broke in half the first time the board was used . 
it s very light and the calls are clear and crisp . 
i love it but wish i could get a smaller one . 
the bases are heavy and sturdy ,  i don t worry at all about these tipping over . 
had to take the tent off before we even had it a week . 
this is mainly a problem early in the game where character roles aren t as developed . 
bowls and lids are durable and dishwasher safe . 
coffee model allows you to choose between num_extend num_extend and num_num quarts . 
go for a higher quality than hoya when selected a polarizer lense . 
anyhoo ,  i called apple ,  they said return it for maintenance . i did . 
i use this almost exclusively for making muffins ,  pancakes ,  and cookies ,  and it works great for that . 
i had always known that cooking under a higher pressure would accelerate the cooking process . 
not those plastic strips that don t work ,  and especially not the strips with the wax already on it . 
i ordered this bra to wear it at zumba and absorb some shock and flopping around . 
we love this sleek unit that holds up to num_num cups of rice . 
i am asked often where did i purchase the case for my blackberry . 
detailing is not very good for this price . 
i ordered this item as amazon is throwing item for free along num_extend ipod . 
this toy would be better for a smaller dog . 
the inclusion of lead in the product is entirely by choice of the manufacturer . 
one is meant for phones while the other is meant for larger tablet products . 
i received the petmate freshflow in november ,  num_extend and put it to work right away . 
i have always used an egg slicer but after years of usage ,  it finally broke . 
very pleased with this product !  .  .  . just wanted to add a note . 
please have the model number ready when calling .   . 
i ve very disappointed because it was an excellent charger during the brief time it worked . 
i couldn t just break one in half if i wanted to . 
i used a variation of the method mentioned in the review by num_extend  joe  . 
using multigrain bread flour and following the recipes included with the unit the bread comes out perfect . 
also ,  however ,  ubuntu is extremely weak on usb microphone compatibility ,  so that may be the problem . 
it allows for more space in my drawers . 
the   .  .  .   ,  which is a nice vacuum but clogs easily ,  especially with pet hair ,  or bit of paper . 
yet ,  ac output is much lower than this presumably due to inverter losses . 
with the hourglass shape of these glasses she finds gripping them to be much easier . 
amazon should update its picture of the product . all in all ,  i am thrilled with my beast of a skillet . 
not fit to send in my kids  school lunches ,  for sure . 
they either left too many kernels unpopped or the cheap materials cracked; i encountered both problems with the nordicware . 
when i received my alcis relief pain relief cream in the mail ,  i was very excited . 
the grease catcher is very useful and perfectly built . 
even streaming the video over the internet was very easy to do . 
i read somewhere ,  take their knees out first becuase their thorax is heavily armored ,  tried that ,  still got killed . 
other appliances that use electric motors such as sump pumps are likely to exhibit the same characteristics . 
it wouldn t have taken much to turn this into an enjoyable game . 
i like the fact that it is filled with our olive oil and saves on the amount we use . 
i bought it for easter and have had it on my phone for a while . 
i then loaded it onto my nephew s xp dell with no trouble . 
this eliminates that . if you love retro technology .  .  . this is for you !  the price is right . 
i happened to ask where this set was made . 
good luck on who else decides to purchase this . 
this is a wonderful dutch oven by lodge . 
i guess that i am just too picky . the one i am currently trying out is this plantronic voyager num_extend
bought this for my son when he was about num_extend
it looked like a million dollars and tasted deelish even without icing . 
it s an awesome dual fan that can exhaust and intake . 
freezes constantly !  the cut scenes have not worked yet ,  and the game will stop in the middle of loading . 
you could get as much water pressure by just swishing your mouth out with warm water . 
great value ,  about % less than what palm was selling it for . 
we bought on amazon before christmas and paid too much . 
get the one that $ here ,  it works great . 
even the grinder has no control over the fineness of the grind . 
its nice if you don t have any space to put your phone in your car . 
the case was plastic ,  not metal as described when i bought it . 
i might as well have plugged it into a simple surge protector . 
the board is made of cardboard so it is not sturdy . 
my mother was estatic as she can use them with some coordinating dishes she already has . 
i am not pleased with it whatsoever . i have been using olays  complete all day moisture  lotion for years . 
they insisted that nothing was wrong with their food . 
to say there is no replay value is an understatement . i never tried the multiplayer . 
thats the only thing i had a problem with . 
people really think its a cassette at first glance which is funny . 
the tiny bits of fig are similar to the skins of popcorn kernels which get stuck in your teeth . 
other than that ,  the case fits the iphone num_extend perfect . 
i m glad it has worked for others ,  but it didn t do so well with me . 
they look and remind me of hearing aids . 
these do not freeze completely and when used they don t maintain the beverage cold ,  maybe for an hour . 
this spreads out the force of the blows and minimizes tearing . 
i tried it several times with the same result . 
this toy is terrible . first there are sticker decals for the giraffe s spots .  .  . seriously decals ?  haven t used those since num_extend
this thermometer was recommended by a leading consumer products company . 
this is a fine bra ,  but i found it pretty rather than supportive . 
i can t believe it has so many great reviews . 
you may as well buy a generic jar of  real mayo  and add your own choice of olive oil . 
the exterior coating around the oven door is flaking off and one of the carrying handles broke off . 
the only thing that worked flawless was the color changing lights . 
you will be embarrassed to go out for the next month or so . 
i have some similar sandals from columbia and some generic ones from payless and i ve never had that problem . 
i got them thinking they would be a great snack with cheese or meat or jelly . 
i thought this might help keep him from losing any more weight . 
plus ,  natural flavors leaves it open to whatever they want . 
they look good ,  and come in a good packaging . 
just use a towel to as a barrier ,  though . 
not bad for the price ,  it s hard to even still find this one . 
i m going to look for an extra thick tube minus the slime next time . 
if you spray oil the cloche inside ,  the parchment will stick and form fit easily . 
this one does not ,  so that has to be a positive . 
it is very light and easy to carry . 
can t tell you how pleased i am with them . 
i absolutely love this bluetooth !  when i m looking for a bluetooth headset there are num_num things i look for . 
the second port is a great feature too . 
it s quite stiff when the writing tip is retracted ,  but flops around a lot while you are writing . 
i use it all the time even though i have num_num cases . 
could i melt butter or heat up pancake syrup in the microwave ?  sure . 
probably not a good way to find out what blood type . 
putting contacts in this phone is very easy . 
it seems like mgs is heavy on story time . 
start with the driest ingredient first so the contents are less soggy . 
stuff some teabags in it ,  pour boiled water in ,  and every last cup of tea will be hot . 
i bought this set because they were a bit cheaper so if they break i wouldn t be as frustrated . 
my num_num year old son wanted this for christmas . 
would likely be fine for small cats and kittens . 
so in summary they are not suited for my dogs ,  something to consider . 
great filter for the honeywell room air filtration system . 
he drops his phone a lot so an otterbox is a must . 
i drive a num_num ford edge and the windshield is pretty deep . 
just followed the directions and it worked fine . 
i am into cast iron and i like lodge for new stuff . 
her carats were small before using it ,  and it spread after . 
highly recommended for those who don t mind a little extra effort for a well brewed coffee . 
the blades are as sharp as a surgical scalpel . 
i am a quadriplegic with very little hand dexterity and find cutting and chopping extremely difficult and time consuming . 
save your money and just get the wind up cars only . 
i am glad the dog did not run away . 
i feel bad that i sent these to school for my daughter to eat for lunch . 
im deducting a few stars but it works well when wearing a cowboy boot . 
so ,  i just wash the potato ,  put it into the machine and whomp !  ,  instant fries . 
checked the connection between the laptop and the cable . 
anyone know where i can find a pump that works ?  . 
i will try that next time and see which is easier . 
i was afraid that it would break since the tagine was for the oven . 
the game is just chaos ,  no structure ,  no commanding officers  unless doing missions ,  and not really even then  . 
i love all oxo products and even more so since the experience with their customer service . 
also ,  it seems to work ok with the broiler . 
unlike plastic ,  the stoneware cleans completely and does not transfer odors . 
love the size because it doesn t seem to big but well protected . 
it has a couple of flaws ,  but let me get to that in a second . 
this tool does not work as far as i can see . 
i evenuse the itorch when on the road . 
for about num_num bucks ,  i ordered one of the glass knobs just as a backup . 
maybe you have to drink to like this game and because i don t drink i just don t get it . 
but since i had never tried it before ,  i decided to splurge . 
i only bought it because it was black . 
however ,  this does prove they re well built because they still work after all those drops . 
this arrived in what appeared to be a nokia retail package ,  and had nokia insignia on the cable . 
this is the best num_extend pan i have every owned . 
have used hundreds of drives from all the vendors . 
the lids fit nicely ,  are not too hard to put on or take off either . 
best sound quality of any bluetooth headset i ve used . 
this only happens every once in a while  ,  but it requires reboot  ,  rather irritating . 
i too ,  did a lot of research before settling on this grinder . 
this juicer ,  although big and a bit bulky ,  does a great job . 
loike the original ,  it works ,  what else can uou ask for . 
the website says it will play those ,  but it didn t . 
three leds don t really give you a good idea of how much charge is left . 
auto modelista is a huge let down as far as racing sims go with only one saving grace . 
i guess i was hoping that an internal card wouldn t have those types of problems . 
the blade comes off with a twist and washes up quickly with soap and water . 
 recommended  hardware is num_extend and a radeon num_extend
it retracts very fast ,  which makes me wonder if that will eventually damage it . 
i d seen people asking if it is bpa free . 
it is about num_num inches ,  about num_num inches too short for listening with a music player in your pocket . 
i was floored by how much life this gave back to my phone . 
it was easy to line up and eliminate the air bubbles . 
she already had one that she d been using for years . 
the third night ,  the nooski caught a mouse . 
although you re getting what you paid for ,  just heed my warning and don t waste your money on this product . 
i love the quality of the sorrento line . 
it was way too big and i had to sew it and even then it didnt work . 
unfortunately ,  that wonderful smell doesn t transfer to the actual cup of brewed coffee . 
i got this knowing i would have to trim it to fit my ipod . 
cuts are straight and consistant in veggies as well as the meat i bought it to slice . 
the earphones paired easily with my phone and computer . 
too bad ,  because otherwise it s nice and slim and it looks great . 
the result is a very poor sound quality experience . 
it did a great job and i was very happy with it . 
just pop the bottom retainer ,  pull the old one out ,  move the wires ,  and snap everything back into place . 
he said i would need to contact the seller to try to get a refund . 
looks good on paper but has no effect on the movement of num_extend travel trailer . 
just don t count on the tip holding up ,  purchase a micro cloth and air blower . 
this is so well made and works great . 
so i can t get absolutely every piece unless i reach my hand in there with a scoop . 
i have three cats who absolutely refuse to drink from anything but a fountain or the tub faucet . 
this set is the best of both worlds . 
i might be in the minority but this games slow and hollow gameplay did not impress me . 
the whole thing is going in the trash . 
i thought it cheap for the price ,  and it is just that . 
i got this guy mid summer and wish i had purchased it sooner . 
sure ,  this isn t something i expect to use all the time ,  but they were . 
have only charged them one day ,  and after a week ,  still work fine . 
you can also brew directly into one or both of the thermal mugs . 
but once purchased don t forget to put in the water filter . 
the case was great for the few months i needed it till i got a new phone . 
i m tired of having to hand wash pans . 
it cleans easy and i usually just use it only when i need a significant amount of garlic . 
instead ,  it tastes more like prune with grains ,  and could not taste much chocolate nor coconut at all . 
for example ,  i love to use it to whisk polenta into boiling water or to quickly mix dry ingredients . 
that s not a huge deal ,  i know i m petite and i can hem them . 
looks great and isn t rubbery so it doesn t stick to your pocket . 
well ,  i will probably change my phone before this charger breaks down . 
i have a fetish problem collecting iphone cases . 
they are good when using with an external battery . 
the price is very high and not worth it if she ll only eat a couple of bites . 
i use it to charge my htc sensation num_extend and my garmin gps simultaneously and it works just fine . 
perfect for num_num big mugs and a little left for heat up . 
even the turner is large and comfortable so it does not dig into your hand while opening the can . 
not one of these caught a gosh darned thing . 
well ,  that was a design overkill since the rack was staying open fine without the detachable two arms . 
but on the bright side ,  i now can enthusiastically say that this coffee press is perfect !   :   . 
you get what you pay for though i guess . 
so ,  the deer can t be  repelled  until they are  attracted  . 
and to have a top that fits so well onto the pan . 
this case didn t last longer than about num_num months for me . 
i ve owned the rio num_num and i liked it . 
so now it just sits in my closet . 
big mistake !  !  !  !  as others have mentioned ,  the petals fell off every time we used it . 
between my wife and i ,  we just don t have enough time to keep so much floor clean . 
as stated above ,  read the instructions and you should have no problem . 
a set of num_num x num_num for my bmw num_extend
the dishwasher has assaulted them with flying pieces everytime it breaks . 
although it does still work without removing the case . 
i need to hold it in front of my mouth for it to work ok . 
i got a couple of these adapters when i switched to an htc evo and they work great . 
they were aware of the time frames at all times . 
it is easy to clean and fun to cook in . 
the hotplate as never burned our coffee yet and we leave it on for its max time . 
then ,  after several days i developed a body odor . 
it literally came dirty and the bag ripped . 
this is much nicer than i was expecting . 
i also think that amazon should insist that their advertisers or product suppliers should be truthful in there ads . 
he loves it !  it s easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  and makes delicious food !  . 
most people don t even know and rca is happy to hide the facts . 
any slight tug would deform the surrounding fabric ,  which is dissapointing . 
it was not clear whether or not it was so i am betting it is not . 
this set might be overkill for someone who doesn t enjoy ,  or doesn t do a lot of cooking . 
it would be easier to handle if it weren t . 
i have had no problems with the lid at all as others have experienced . 
in this game ,  the short time span makes it impossible to do anything with the minor powers . 
bottom line :  this makes a good cup of espresso !  follow others  tips . 
very easy to put on just like any other protector . 
look great in the room and he says they are very comfortable . 
i had another one of these that leaked . 
it s a metal can with a soft plastic lid to seal it again once you ve cracked it open . 
just from the feel of it you can tell it will do the job it s meant to do . 
i ve had this thing for years now ,  and use it all the time . 
these neither fit my smallest cabinet in my rv nor do they fit well within their telescoping tube . 
i can tolerate them but my kids wouldn t go near them . 
cambro can be purchased at most restaurant supply stores either clear or translucent . 
i m waiting for the next food drive to donate the other num_num cans . 
this model has a big coil in the middle that is submerged in the water . 
these do not function as sling attatchment hooks . 
the mixer is large and will take up room on your counter . 
this is a perfect replacement for my cusinart num_num cup coffee maker . 
they are very comfortable in feel and fit . 
it s very rugged and utilitarian ,  but i m not that hot about plastic . 
it wasn t as though i was trying to use the wipers on packed ice or anything . 
it is messy ,  it will end up everywhere . 
the attached cleaner for this and the overall design . is great . 
the butter melter on the top is silly . 
it was pretty basic and didnt have a tight fit . 
it simply does not grind to different coarseness . 
i d try one order and see how you tolerate it . 
i just upgraded my blackberry from the num_num to the curve titanium  tmo  . 
the belt has to be wrapped a few times around a num_num year old . 
i have even sauted vegetables with no oil sucessfully . 
just how about you don t look at it ? these taste fine . 
i bought this about num_num months ago and really like it . 
we used the phone s gps on a num_num hour drive to georgia . 
not so with the plantronics ,  at least for me . 
i bought this knife and block set as a christmas gift for my wife . 
if you have oily eyelids you will need to use primer ,  otherwise it crease like eyeshadow . 
i gave this to my wife for christmas . 
i usually have to try several times to get it started . 
if i realized how simple the installation was ,  i would ve replaced the battery a year ago . 
this is the third or fourth jawbone i ve purchsed  i keep losing them  . 
what i almost completely overlooked was the door at the back wall of the basin slides up and down . 
i bought this beater head replacement for my num_num year old kitchenaid mixer . 
i bought this gasket when my smaller fagor pc was spitting and leaking from the handle . 
i love to bake and i would be lost without this guy . 
again ,  as another reviewer said ,  usually i am able to assemble toys without the directions .  .  . not the case here . 
and i soon found out i had to use twice as much coffee bean to make the perfect pot . 
it has dirty bass ,  poor midrange  near not midrange  and flat and dull highs . 
this set has everything you might need and do need for whatever gadget you ve got . 
love life just the way it is ,  take it and enjoy the waves while it last . 
the menus on the camera itself are very easy to use and num_extend
num_extend the ringer turns off by itself in the case . 
this is a big disappointment ,  but unlike the game s many glitches and bugs ,  this was to be expected . 
so i could not get in all in the toilet fast enough . 
but having no multiplayer makes the game become a low score . 
i returned this product twice hoping that i d get a replacement that would prove me wrong about this product . 
it took awhile to come but it was worth it . 
you were beautiful and classy on the outside but cheap and trashy on the inside . 
i ve been using this for about a year . 
just do not like the flavor of this coffee at all .  .  . not authentic . 
great for dieters or anyone who enjoys a light snack that won t pack on the pounds . 
the middle of the perforated area is ever so slightly elevated . 
the prefilter is recommended to be replaced every num_num months for optimal odor removal . 
my husband has since stapled them to the ceiling . 
this was a very good buy in my opinion . 
shipping would be more trouble than it s worth . 
my dear husband loves to help out in the kitchen to save me time . 
i bought this item because right in the ad it said made in usa . 
i don t want to play that game ,  i want to play symphony of the night . 
this is a common error message with num_extend party accessories ,  and not unique to this product . 
i love my motorola photon num_extend but the thing is a battery sucker ,  that s where the num_extend comes in . 
it will get num_num when it lasts num_num months !  . 
i baked a quick bread in it and used parchment paper and it worked fine . 
then ever since it s been producing weird ,  confusion sensations . i been testing this for some time ad enough so far . 
place setting consists of :  dinner plate; salad plate; bowl; mug . 
i gave it four stars ,  because i would have preferred a firmer curd . 
already nestle purina has brought in their own management team . 
i am really happy with my new case . 
i ve had no problems ,  and have been very satisfied . 
it s going back to dlink .  .  . forget about tech support or getting an return authorization . 
you decided to buy one yourself here at amazon . 
plus the price is right and it ships for free !  . 
you will throw these in the trash just as i did . 
this is a product i could not ever dowithout . 
does not smell nearly as good as the original and the scent fades quickly . 
i got up to the taffy pull stage ,  after carefully reading and annotating the instructions . 
then i noticed that i could not monitor tape recording output from three head deck and dbx record monitoring . 
it fits the phone snugly and seems to offer a level of protection from scratches and falls . 
wish they were more stackable to fit in cabinets better though . 
the knife does what it is supposed to and looks great . 
i bought different colors so when i reach into my drawer it s easy to get the one i want . 
if you re over num_extend playing this game is laughable . 
that makes me suspicious of its advertised num_extend capacity rating . 
i do not leave my blue tooth on . 
ok ,  so i bought these for some reason thinking they were metal . 
some people do not like the graphics used here . 
the oval lid gives a wider area to pour into . 
if you are talking to clients on the phone all day ,  this is important . 
if not ,  why they sent a opened box looks like some using it ? amazon . com needs to say something !  . 
coffee frother from one of those big box stores for $
visually appealing and literally amazing in its easy of use . 
it s comfortable to the grip ,  fits the phone snugly . 
they have obviously changed theirformula for making the glue . 
it is really an inexpensive item so one may expect this . the bun warmer was a nice idea . 
i bought them on subscribe and save and was planning on getting them every two months . 
i wanted a workhorse and that is what i got . 
i have owned and loved nokia phones forever it seems . 
with the case off ,  it just barely fits . 
beauty is my passion ,  so i try everything . 
does show fingerprints even though it says it doesn t . 
not sure why ,  used as directed ,  didn t make a bit of difference . 
i had read that this game was not up the usual high standards of the spyro series . 
and some even gave num_num and num_num stars to this pos product .  .  . unbelievable . 
i just don t think it s going to last all that long . 
i don t know that i would buy it again without checking something else out first . 
while i prefer the griffin ,  which cost num_num times as much ,  her s actually work great . 
it stays in place when exercising and provides easy access to phone touchscreen through the case . 
it takes some getting use to because of the num_num different containers . 
the included firefox is dated and there is no update for it in this application . 
i don t feel like it makes my hair stronger nor does it help with thinning hair . 
also ,  google  droid bionic problems  and get smart before you buy . 
have used with multiple usb thumb drives ,  all work fine . 
if you have say bay leaves just don t use either . 
if there was a zero ,  i would have used it to rate this item . 
i stopped for a week and her stool was back to normal . 
carhartt makes great stuff ,  but theres nothing special about these suspenders to pay $
you get what you pay for i guess . 
first time success with both phones . when the protectors arrive ,  it s a two step application and both are clearly labeled . 
as it s my first one i have nothing to compare it with ,  but i am satisfied . 
i thought my os was going south and draining my battery . 
this brand is not for us so i won t be purchasing these again . 
the part that plugs into your car doesn t look like this either . 
i ordered a size num_num they sent me an num_extend
by day num_extend the squirrels had gotten past the baffle and were munching on the bird seed . 
i thought that maybe it takes more than one time to see better results . 
as far as the folks who said something about  burned popcorn  and that it doesn t work right . 
the races in that game are very different . 
this has been one of the best buys i made for my son . 
you have to pull the batteries out and reinstall them for the damn thing to work again . 
in addition ,  i love the taste of cherry . 
thats how hard it is to get it off . 
and i think this is my first negative review on amazon !  the  clings  didn t cling at all . 
please note that is oven is deeper than most lodge dos . 
i found that cold water reduces the volume of the bread . 
no matter what i did it just turned out more of a hassel then being useful . 
the digital controls are simple to use ,  even my kids could figure it out . 
it cooks better ,  cleans better ,  feels more secure . 
if you have eaten lots of garden vegetables like us then you will notice that right away . 
i bought this as a replacement and am very satisfied with it . 
great for keeping a spare in your wallet or your purse . 
i like how the alarm goes off when it reaches the temperature you desire . 
after buying this headset i am very satisfied from the quality of it . 
if you want to ruin your special clothing then use this product . 
these cups would be an excellent product if the method for attaching the handles was improved . 
it works great ,  is low profile and easy to store and it looks fine in the kitchen . 
we havea small eating area in our kitchen so it was perfect for space saving purposes . 
it was ok but easy to beat and not a chalenge . 
i installed the tubes and within num_num hours one tube had deflated . 
something such as a littermaid is way more self cleaning than this one . 
it has a matte finish making this case the best !  . 
if your a self tamper fan than this is thee tamper for you ! you have total control of the pressure . 
the power button is easy to use with this case . 
i don t use my keurig any more now . 
i also have the lodge num_extend and it is my kitchen workhorse . 
i literally used it for about num_num minutes and the batteries  which were brand new  died . 
overall ,  the best concoction i have found is airborne ,  and i still swear by it . 
it is a great machine , great price !  filters are very reasonable price too !  !  . 
the fact that you can purchase additional weapons ,  etc . 
it was hard to tell when it was fully installed . 
i should have read the fine print but as far as the pitcher is concerned i am very pleased . 
sadly ,  this is where all the positives end . the flavor of this beverage is almost medicinal . 
he was not use to anything rubbing his skin in that area and the material is pretty stiff . 
this peeler is very sharp ,  peels potatoes and carrots quickly and doesn t require too much effort . 
i don t know what all the ranting and raving is over this product . 
that being said ,  because it is raised ,  there is no pocket for flour to collect in . 
i haven t had one time that it didn t work . 
these cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once . 
basically you just pour the ingredients in while it s mixing and in num_num minutes you have ice cream . 
what can i say except this is all clad and everything on it is perfect . 
these are small ,  which is what i wanted . 
the gorilla glass will be enough for regular users . 
my mother and my mother in law had kitchen aid stand mixers that lasted over num_num years . 
it works quite well and all of the pieces fit it wonderfully . 
my wife s evo and my old iphone num_extend whatever their faults ,  worked . 
i wish it had a smaller bowl option ,  and i can see how overheating can be a challenge . 
i bake small personal size pizza s and needed something to get them in and out of the oven toaster . 
i ordered this as a gift ,  because i ordered one earlier for myself and loved it . 
after twisting on it twice i stripped it out . 
the unit behaves as if i m adjusting the volume or pressing rw . 
had another one much better quality will try and figure out where i got that one . 
if you are looking for a plastic whisk brush ,  this is the one . 
i m going to spend more money and get something i can have confidence in . 
but it looks good ,  just like the real thing . 
this gets a  meh  rating from me and i would not repurchase or recommend . 
it is rust free as the day i bought it . 
now i have to use the pitiful internal memory and always carry a notebook computer wherever i go . 
i remember playing sonic the hedgehog for the sega genesis and sega cd and having a blast . 
try maybelline concealer which at least covers; i am sticking to that one . 
the recipe i followed said to spray the bottoms of the cups with spray which i did . 
i really thought this was a shield for the back of the phone . 
you d be better off plugging a pair of cheap dollar headphones into the back of your computer . 
i eat peanuts with beer at bars ,  not at breakfast . 
it almost felt like a clarifying shampoo that gives your hair a squeeky feel . 
they give receipies and menu sets more in line with what this is designed to handle . 
not really a good taste for my pallet . 
this product is advertised as  pure vitamin e  with no ingredients list . 
i m glad i went with a jiffy because mine is still steaming away !  . 
i ve found num_num round bricks of num_extend ammo for $
you never know when it will come in handy . 
very cute ,  and the sparkles seem to make it easier to grip . 
but there were many things i dislike about it . 
these filters are made for chemex coffee makers . 
you have to be able to stick something into the press holes or it just doesn t clean well . 
plus ,  my face broke out when i applied it . 
it grinds the beans perfectly ,  makes great coffee and is very easy to clean . 
good weight and balance to get the job done ,  it works nicely in my small kitchen . 
while somewhat entertaining and strategic falsebound kingdom can be infuriating and features basicly the same gameplay level after level . 
that s the white junk that other reviewers complain about being sprayed on the counter . 
also this is perfect for large doses of potato salad and scalloped potatoes for holidays . 
a small piece of plastic used as a retainer for the brushes broke . 
but if you are looking for a peanut butter alternative ,  this peanut spread is a surprising catastrophe . 
if you are interested in the game ,  give it a rent . 
power off and on and it is fine for a few minutes . 
stat building and leveling up is handled well . 
however ,  when i tried to order more i received the wrong case num_num different attempts !  !  . 
don t skimp ,  get the big one ,  you will need it . 
the camera is perfectly fine and i use it often . 
i tried to slice up some mushrooms to saute ,  but it made them far too thin . 
everything cooks well in this pan . responds quickly to temperature changes and can get screamingly hot . 
i was excited when these arrived because they were true to the color and photo as seen on line . 
this tamper is quite impressive and worth every penny ,  solid enough to use for a trailer hitch . 
it was dry and chalky and very tasteless . 
i agree with charlie   another amazon reviewer  who said the package was difficult to open . 
i was very happy when the cell phone industry standardized all their charging ports . 
it tasted merely ok ,  which is a disappointment ,  because i like strawberries and i like applesauce . 
im a huge fan of nba live num_extend but num_num really sucks . 
for me ,  the main benefit is removing the chlorine taste and smell ,  and it does its job pretty good . 
there is no plastic smell or taste as another reviewer stated ,  at least in what was delivered to me . 
before putting side strips checkout the amazon page to know ,  how and where ,  the strips go . 
i tried it on my desktop and on a mousepad .  .  . no difference . 
she had a jumperoo and it was used a lot until she exceeded the weight limit . 
that lovely ,  huge and heavy cleaner kept my decade old carpeting going for yet another decade . 
i bought a different brand and i had better results on the pills i bought at the store . 
a label num_extend means nothing if they are not the real thing . 
if i have a complaint it would be cleaning ,  but after over a decade of use it is trivial . 
we purchased this product because we began buying in bulk . 
it helped fill the hole for a little bit ,  but not something that will last a long time period . 
i bought this based on the reviews and i m very happy with the results . 
fell in love with it the first time i fried an egg . 
i was so excited for spore ,  but the end result was disappointingly shallow and vapid . 
get this on sale and you can come close in price with the hunter . 
after the course i gave it to my mother ,  who was surprised at its sharpness . 
so it comes out to under num_num bucks a pound . 
i have not tried it for data . it seems less robust than others i ve owned ,  but not incredibly cheesy . 
but then i hated how weak and rushed the plot became . 
we like sweet potatoes so we assumed would like these pop chips . 
it does not fit well ,  it constantly comes off your heel  like other reviewers stated  ,  and is generally uncomfortable . 
all i had to do was initially charge it . 
i tried a num_extend mag from my high end airsoft num_extend and the feed is on opposite sides . 
ill buy this case with my new phone as well . 
the first thing that you notice about this block is the beautiful finish and craftsmanship . 
its either the stainless steel or the nonstick insides with the anodized outsides . 
bought this because it was the way to get the chamber brush . 
different color ,  different internal holding material ,  and no hook on the to attach to something . 
but don t be fool ,  it takes lots of scrubbing . 
the buckles across the abdomen are rather large ,  and could be redesigned to be less intrusive . 
there is a big space between the drum and the hopper and big pieces of cheese fall through . 
after arriving broken ,  it was glued with various glues so it would work . 
these are a must have for your fiestaware . 
now you pretty much have to blow the whole thing up . 
you will not be an aebelskiver making pro in one or two episodes . 
i am a guy learning to cook on his own . 
even my jawbone would get loose and topple out during conversations on occasion . 
my husband and i have owned a variety of dustbusters over the years . 
i definitely think it s important to protect your screen and this is an affordable way ti do it !  . 
the taste of coffee is great with these filters . 
growing up my folks had cast iron skillets that were just plain abused . 
the design of the lid makes this container amazing . 
while this is a nice case ,  it has minimal protection comared to something like an otterbox . 
it is very thin and requires at least num_num coats . 
i m not really sure what is supposed to be fun about it . 
this case is really cute and i wear it on my phone often . 
i had some cell phone mounts before ,  this one really works . 
this machine is fairly good at getting almost all the corn popped . 
after num_num seconds the leds will go off and the icarrier will power off ,  if you re not charging anything . 
i just would not recommend buying this item !  im pretty mad i bought num_num at the same time too . 
it grinds quickly and evenly ,  and has lasted me for years already . 
we wouldn t trade it in for a different one if you paid us . 
the only issue we had was one of the small glasses was chipped . 
i use them for a very old cat who occasionally can not make it to his litter box . 
i use in dressings ,  add no added sugar jelly ,  fruit ,  decaf instant coffee ,  maple ,  vanilla ,  dill . 
they re made in the usa and i support anchor hocking for that . 
i bought this to replace the tip on the voyager i sometimes use . 
would not recommend when decent speakers are reasonably priced and readily available . 
also good for nuts on sundaes ,  and even cheese . 
we just went back to doing it with a pan on the stove . 
i can charge my phone easily and give it voice commands . 
this is what you need if you do a lot of smoothies . 
not always the case . be a label reader and buyer beware !  . 
beat the eggs on high ,  to light and fluffy ,  in about num_num or num_num minutes . 
but that wasn t enough ,  so i added the obagi benzoyl peroxide therapeutic lotion to my regimen . 
and that did not help . i will try a few more days to see if i can figure out . 
it has a sensitive microphone that lets me chat without removing my earphones . 
us cellular is by far the best for coverage in the northern num_extend of illinois and all of iowa . 
i purchased this item a couple of years ago and ,  until today ,  used it two or three times . 
they are not good headphones for those looking for huge bass response . 
this turner is versatile ,  easy to use ,  and handy . 
if you already use stevia and are used to it ,  then this is better . 
it was not long before the leg mechanism broke  internally  . 
i have three dogs and only one of them would eat these treats . 
if you buy any order it about num_extend two large so it fits correctly after five washings . 
you might want to wait for this one . 
the game board can also be expanded for longer games . 
i really wanted to like it ,  but it just did not work for me so i returned it . 
go with a little bit more expensive one and it should work better . 
before i had this one  and the same one in another size  i only had plastic bowls . 
i like the generic store brand fabric better than these for a fabric bandage . 
it s so handy . seems to hold the headset pretty securely . 
the plastic disc with adhesive that is supposed to be an optional mount surface was useless . 
there was maybe a tiny bit of lemon flavor but really it was just the ginger flavor . 
the cabinet is higher than most ,  over a breakfast bar area of our counters . 
i love my kitchenaid mixer and i use it all of the time . 
others have noted that the device doesn t autoconnect . 
after about nine months i now own an unrepairable ,  i . e . 
i had the earpiece properly inserted into my ear ,  sounds horrible . 
i ended up putting it in the shed and used the neighbors . 
the tightness is not adjustable though they can be lengthened to the point where they don t fit . 
i gave them a try but they would fit a child s hand unless one has tiny tiny hands . 
at home it works flawlessly with my wireless router . 
it s size makes it a fantastic all purpose knife for chopping and slicing . 
i ll go back to eating raw pumpkin seeds . 
i would recommend using the original gun sights if you need functional sighting . 
it worked well and didn t come apart like some have the first time i used it . 
much more importantly ,  the digitizer on the zire num_num is not sufficiently refined or sensitive . 
each quarter i review what is in my basic overnight pack ,  which is a single strap over the shoulder . 
this grinder does not grind coarse enough for french press . 
next i took the arrow out of the dirt and just slid it underneath some taller grass . 
all of them will be trashed when i buy replacements . 
i can highly recommend the voyaber num_num and i cannot recommend this blueant model at all . 
i have some rural property and mice have been an issue . 
mucana really does increase dopamine and it will help you feel better . 
it has large and small cones for large and small oranges . 
this is not a problem ,  really as i am a fan of both function and form . overall ,  i m very satisfied . 
i ll put it in the  fail cosmetic  basket i have on the shelf in the bathroom . 
slows way down when used deep in cup . 
the material was thin and extremely starchy when it arrived . 
after playing splinter cell ,  no other games compare to it . 
it s stainless steal ,  it holds about two quarts . 
the silver on these is not a woven celtic silver knot . 
we tried to fix the cd twice and it had no improvement . 
it leaves a weird film on my skin unless i turn around and scrub my face with something else . 
now she can t tell if i m going to do the dishes or walk out the door . 
 :  i have very curly hair that s on the dry side . 
this is my second motorola windshield mount for my droid bionic . 
go with monoprice ,  or try belkin ,  as belkin used double shielding ,  and monoprice makes some cables with triple shielding . 
i noticed no difference than when i didn t take them . 
i made sure i maintained it well ,  cleaning it regularly etc . 
i wish they had made it into an actual shape that made sense as a purse thing but whatever . 
he said after a couple months the elastic was no longer holding up . 
they come apart all the time and you have to keep putting them back together . 
key points are make sure your screen is extremely clean and dust free . 
it produces a beautiful heart shaped coeur a la creme . 
this is an excellent idea ,  though it was poorly implemented and doesn t really make much of a difference . 
over the past few months i have order over num_num of these units and they all have worked perfectly . 
highly recommend for iphone and it s a good price . 
it was too small and i looked like laura ingles ftom little house on the prairie . 
the quality of the material was good but over all poor design on the clip in my opinion . 
my cat loves it ,  but the toy breaks too fast . 
my truck is a num_extend did cassette players change since then ?  i doubt it . 
but if you are looking for curls or waves ,  this is not the tool . 
i didn t think i d even need it but it comes in handy for reaching in those little jars !  . 
i also love the tactile feel of this case that provides a comfortable and sturdy grip . 
we checked out a lot of electric kettles before deciding on this one . 
for people who are very new to being  handy  ,  here is some advice . 
this sure beats using two knives to cut butter into pastry . 
this chew toy would be good for cats !  . 
it has a very minty smell  no noticable almond  . 
even if you don t cut yourself ,  it will not be comfortable holding one of them . 
way too loud to use in the morning if others in the household are sleeping . 
they are lightweight ,  flexible ,  and long enough to keep your forearms from getting burned . 
bought one of these because i liked the cable . 
i received the regular  tenth doctor s sonic screwdriver .   my son was very disappointed . 
i m thrilled .  . i ll shoulder most of the blame for the problems i m having with the touch screen . 
this cable i got for my galaxy s is amazing . 
it arrived on the time as i was expected . 
but if you take it with theanine ,  it adds a litlle sensation of relaxation to l theanine . 
i figured if i was going to invest in an expensive saddle ,  the maintenance kit would be worth it . 
there are num_num pieces ,  of which num_num are necessary for protection . 
this is the best and it was at a way reasonable price thats why i got it . 
doesn t have to be seasoned ,  is ready to go right out of package . 
i ve had this for about a year with no problems . 
rent it if you re curious ,  but you ll be disappointed . 
wow i wish i had got it out last year . 
didnt last very long at all .  . the product that is . 
man do i wish i could get my money back . 
if you need to go through walls ,  watch out . 
i love using the screen filter giving the european full body coffee taste . 
i can t imagine how hot the num_extend btu can be . 
hopefully my sister in law can sew it back together . 
if your a stratagy lover and have patience of steel perhaps you will like this game . 
put in a bigger battery or accept a shorter time between charges . 
i ve needed a large measuring cup for a long time . 
these will end up in the donation bin . 
consumer reports rates this as number one for making smoothies ,  and it is a great blender ,  sort of . 
it quickly removes a tremendous amount of liquid from whatever you spin . 
it has noise reduction to help block background noise . 
some users like myself experienced poor call quality ,  others achieved the opposite result . 
he couldn t swipe it that quick and ended up with a black eye thanks to me . 
i even tried wearing a head band under it and no go . 
i have used this knife for two years . 
i am getting about num_num percent more power than the stock and other replacemnets . 
i have a number of nordic ware bundt molds and prefer to make that cake more than any other . 
used over a year :  great value ,  works ,  and aluminum body matches my coffee machine . 
i can see why it received such high rating for safety . 
been baking for over num_num years and never had a pastry cutter ,  bought this one and love it . 
as it happened ,  we really needed a new set of knives . 
used this on my front door to hang decorations on . 
i use the kitchenaid about once every two weeks and my wife uses it with about the same frequency . 
i did end up paying probably $ more for it than if i had bought it online . 
this case is just the color i was looking for . 
so you ll empty the dirty water and num_num minutes later have to refill the solution water . 
i recently bought my first nesco dehydrator and went about drying everything i could find  laughing  . 
it is very persnickety what the nook can play is rendered exceptionally well indeed . 
you cant beat this product for the price . 
the nose pin is uncomfortable ,  but if this device worked ,  i could get use to it . 
they were nice glasses for the price and i probably would have worn them more if they didn t scratch . 
the main reason that i purchased a pressure canner was to can tomatoes and some low acid veggies . 
a recommended but for the price and value . 
i preferred the cap  switch .   it makes electrical contact by twisting the cap tight . 
when i finally get the condom on it doesn t loosen any . 
it s like a hotel california for tea leaves . don t waste a nickel on this nightmare of a product . 
it s a simple machine that fullfills the measure of its creation . 
 you leave your car to go into a store or something ,  the num_extend disconnects . 
but ,  there is a physical  stop  in the housing which prevents the fan from pointing down ,  at all . 
it even claims you re not supposed to use any extension cords with it . 
it is never ready . omlette is the toughest thing to clean if it falls at the back . 
sorry ,  but it s not a knock on the food . 
it turns out that one of the bottles had a hairline crack in it . 
i wish i could give this away to some of the people who reviewed it and like it . 
netgear tech support just keep telling me to install the latest driver or install num_extend patch . 
i am worried that i might drop one eventually and it will break on my tile . 
money well spent as i love my gadgets . 
it will not charge or power my asus transformer . the ac charger supplied by asus is working fine . 
not for the first time ,  i might say . 
connects via bluetooth to your phone or whatever else . 
at first i loved this ,  but it has almost completely fallen apart . 
because i have my own milk i know that source is reliable . 
i just put it in the window of the shop  inside  . 
same as the num_extend but now with bluetooth . 
carefully put it on and no worries ,  and you won t need a marble either . 
i could see myself in the reflection which shouldn t happen with matte . 
i know this is not a review of the trind but for now ,  the trind is amazing . 
they aren t fancy crystal ,  but really great for everyday use . 
this is so easy to use ,  just peal ,  twist and you have minced garlic . 
not even with the little socks that came with it . 
i didn t make the connection to these pills at first . 
i got the black patent and wanted to love them but just couldn t . 
 go for it :  this is the best price we ve ever seen for any ka stand mixer .   . 
what this means for your daughter is that not all of her barbie clothes will work on this doll . 
gave it away after indifference from my dog . 
my microwave is num_num years old and doesn t have a turning table but this microwave turntable works great . 
it really does get all the water out . 
i don t have high requirements for a bluetooth device . 
i agree that the  pasta  isn t bad but it isn t the best gf i ve ever had ,  either . 
thanks to hooverfor making a mom s job easier . 
finally ,  in a pinch ,  it can double as a flour sifter . highly recommended . 
i have found that i do use all num_extend
its not the best i ve ever owned but it does the job . 
i typically don t spend a lot on a wireless headset . 
the case also makes it hard to reach for the volume buttons . 
it isn t a dramatic change ,  but it is noticable . 
however ,  so that i didn t waste the box ,  i tried them in milk . 
i ll be giving this away to a friend with a younger child very shortly . 
i just need something to clean the boots i have . 
i am baffled by the number of good reviews this product has . 
i never expected such a good product for a low price . 
i totally got my hopes up for nothing . 
for the price and convenience these can t be beat . 
i ordered the flavored variety pack and this flavor just tastes  muddy  to me . 
use it with milk ,  and nirvana is attainable to you and anyone else you treat to this heavenly concoction . 
the only difference was in the num_num cup size . 
the top ,  the bottom ,  the strap and i believe part of the sides are all plastic . 
first thing i noticed was how heavy it was . 
removing the  extra  bits of plastic apparently saved money on manufacturing as well as shipping . 
i needed something that controls work with my galaxy num_extend had good sound ,  and good cable management . 
my nexus num_num num_num which is why i originally purchased it ,  work great too . 
none the less it worked great with a little adjustment on my part . 
i ve read many reviews prior to my decision to buy the dart . 
my last one worked for a few years ,  hope this one does too . 
buy more than $ you get free shipping . 
easy to connect to any bluetooth device ,  battery life is excellent ,  good enough range . 
it works extremely better then my motorola num_extend or plantronics in the car at high speed with windows down . 
this is a long playing shooter with very poor graphics and average sound . 
i bought this great little vac to replace my broken eureka quickup ,  and wow ,  what a difference . 
i understand the reason for this ,  but it makes it just a little less useful . 
like another reviewer ,  the first batch of muffins had  tough  bottoms . 
things with thin handles  like shrimp forks  do fall through the bottom slots . 
i requested a refund and would not recommend it for purchase . 
battery lasted longer then with the old battery . 
 ?  ?  ? that s their opinion without knowing exactly what plastic is used who knows if it is safe . 
also ,  the front panel tells you nothing but the time of day . 
plus you can record a message for her to hear . 
i don t know if anyone has the same problem . 
so don t be affected by the star rating if you are looking to compare brands . 
i have regularly been buying this and the product is excellent . 
it gives your lips a feeling of being coated in wax rather than being moisturized . 
i would not buy these again ,  please try another product . 
everyone in the family uses this num_extend knife all the time . 
sprinkle a little asiago cheese and leave the cover up a notch ,  cheese garlic toast perfectly melted . 
if you must play it ,  go into it with no expectations . 
the carrying case really came in handy at the office christmas party . 
i find myself subconsciously looking for a light switch on the wall every time i enter a new room . 
the only plastic parts are in the feeder . cleaning is a bit messy . 
it tastes similar to dissolved tums or chalk . 
this is the perfect size dutch oven to cook a large can of corn ,  or beans . 
same problem many of these style cases have ,  look for metal clips instead of plastic . 
it seems that some just go into motion ignoring the handbook . plates fell from the clips was another interesting one . 
the case is right but the color is off . 
that probably goes for other gm autos as well . 
just wish i hadn t let fear keep me from starting this num_num years ago !  . 
i gave this to my dog after he had been sick with a gi illness . 
eventually i just ripped it off because it looked awful . 
i have tried everything to get the trapped water from underneath the inside rim ,  but to no avail . 
this is one of if not the best skin protector foe any mobile phone . 
that is probably why so many barbers swear by the stuff . 
i pressed the pump and the lotion spurt out an oily water substance . 
the reviews on this grinder are very entertaining . 
it keeps the ice cubes frozen for hours . 
should have gotten aqva marine heard its noticed more with a sweeter after tone . 
you may actually enjoy this drink more than i have . 
the water will start to look thick and cakey . 
i use windows num_num on a piii num_extend with num_num ram and num_num gig eide harddrive . 
nothing like like making the customer responsible for a problem . 
this is not the toy i remember from my youth . 
bass drums sound like somebody slapping a pillow . 
i did this because i had to install the tv asap and could not wait for a replacement . 
i ve made mint chip ,  premium vanilla bean and strawberry . 
this one seems like a strong hold because the threaded bolts lock the heavy lid down super tight . 
the only thing was that i wish the cable was like num_num ft longer . 
the crust is better than you get in the bakery . 
while i don t hate it ,  i wouldn t recommend it . 
now i just need someone to put on a good screen protector for me . 
pure cotton breathes in hot weather ,  and absorbs sweat better . 
cannot argue with this one ,  it does the job ,  and it works every time . 
but it does come in the mail quickly . 
one of our most used tools when cooking . 
if you re ocd ,  id suggest not getting this . 
one side was smaller than the other making it not fit properly . 
i have had mine for about num_num years and love it . 
also since this is a qualilty silicone ,  lint and dirt wont stick so it always looks clean and new . 
this harness bunches up and slides around ,  eliminating any chance at being comfortable for my pooch . 
he was looking for the exact same one he had before  another belkin  but could t find it . 
phase num_num is a simple contract rummy variant . 
my phone now lasts all day which it never did on the stock battery . 
i can cook hamburgers on it without it falling apart when i turn them over . 
i figured if i use it at least once a month ,  i could buy a better one next year . 
spend a little more and get gold or silver ,  you will not regret it !  . 
i have had a lot of different brands ranging from easily dissolved to chewable tablets to gummies to pills . 
we saved the money that a new coffee machine would have cost . 
there s no room for toys ,  no room to move around . 
it feels as if the game was rushed unessecerily to meet a deadline . 
it had a mildly coconutty  though not sweet  flavor ,  but it just wasn t anything special . 
we have also used it for a large steamer . 
we super glued it ,  but it keeps breaking . 
although i haven t tried bleach yet ,  the crayon is not coming completely off our tub num_extend
easy to clean and so far ,  we love it . 
the metal case it came in was bent . 
all they do is stand around and do nothing . 
still slices well enough that i do not have to worry about accidentally cutting myself . 
i just needed something basic for the car ,  and this has been reliable for our iphones . 
the balance and grip of these knives are as close to perfect as i have found . 
i got mine for $ with free shipping . 
this ingredient means  sugar fungus  and its common name is brewer s yeast . 
that ,  my friends ,  is a load of bullhockey . 
if you can get the kit on sale ,  it s totally worth it to try it once . 
it looks beautiful sitting out on my granite counters . 
bought these based on all the high ratings for my num_num year old granddaughter . 
it is just the right size and is very cute . 
i have seen higher quality sunglasses at the spinner rack on the counter of the local gas station . 
but ,  honestly ,  i ve never heard a quiet coffee grinder . 
tried the product for over num_num months morning and night ,  it did not work . 
now my phone holds a charge for the entire day . 
i only bought this because i got this free with my lens purchase . 
it makes the coffee in the to go cup or most any kitchen cup . 
even the instruction booklet is out of order . applications :  it has lots of applications and they work very well . 
i use mine with the small wuesthof chopping block . 
i ve not really cooked with any other products ,  except farberware . 
for me it was not so much as it being too sweet as it just not suiting me . 
it did protect my screen ,  but its not anti glare . 
i got this for my num_num year old mother . 
yes ,  this is the second best can opener i have ever had . 
but things immediately reveal themselves to be terrible . 
this case is fantastic and i even got a plastic crowbar because once it snaps ,  its secure . 
the gameplay is fun ,  when you re actually playing . 
you don t have to say more than pyrex when you want quality durable products . 
pretty tight around the ankle so that when i tried walking in them it hurt . 
i was ordering these for myself ,  but they ended up going in my husband s sock drawer . 
the baby used it the afternoon it came and never looked at it again . 
it s like my oily glands went into overdrive . 
i bought a brown and black pair of this model . 
sometimes before we even sit down ,  if people are slow coming to the table after cocktails !  . 
this is the perfect fit manufacturer replacement belt . 
nothing is locked in place ,  put it wherever it works best for you . 
i recently moved from dry colorado to humid maryland . 
it bogs down easily and the blades feel reluctant to slice into anything . 
just ok compared to others belonging to friends . 
the power button worked but the proximity sensor did not . 
yes ,  it is a plastic cable and yes ,  it is a bit short . 
i dn t have to worry about that now . 
exactly what i was looking for ,  perfect for herbs and grinding very small quantities . 
the colors are more vivid ,  and everything is more crisp . 
didn t know if it was my fault of just a faulty wire . 
i since added a tow hitch and hitch rack and am very happy with that setup . 
however ,  it has never given me a problem ,  six some odd years later . 
the mount itself is well constructed and installs easily . 
this stuff was very dry and difficult to chew up . 
the strainer can be turned over to drain smaller cans ,  but i haven t tried it yet . 
this seems to be a solid and dependable pepper mill . 
justcase aced it ,  and kudos to them for that . 
and there is alot of potential to this title . 
i ve read similar reviews about the monster :  too much unwanted noise and rattling . 
our girl plays with this a lot and so far has not been able to destroy it !  . 
a decent product; however ,  it was not the right product for my phone . 
it feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky . 
these bowls are the perfect size for a hearty bowl of homemade soup and sandwich . 
then once a week or so ,  i take it off and scrub it with a soft cloth . 
this is hands down the best little chopping machine i ve ever had . 
this is more than your average scooper ,  but it is very well made and should last me years . 
however ,  it works well to infuse tea and make iced tea with teabags . 
if it will be anywhere near you ,  purchase something else unless you like fan noise . 
sit in your car and listen to every single radio frequency . 
three times the money ,  but i would say three times the build quality . 
so i will soon be back to the perfectly clear gorilla glass which doesn t scratch anyway . 
my bluetooth arrive and i could not wait to try it . 
took us a little while to figure this out ,  as directions in book are somewhat unclear . 
initially liked the impressive towns graphics but quickly becomes cumbersome . story a bit weak . 
i purchased the smaller size and it fits perfectly under my desk . highly recommended . 
i have to replay some levels five or six times to get through . 
on getting this water out ,  i noticed it smelled of stale ,  old water . 
this thing is a huge piece of disappointing junk . 
this replaces my bemis that i had for num_num years . 
even the old pyrex dripped so i don t see any change there . 
he told me to stop taking the product at once . 
for the price though you really cant complain !  . 
i m very disappointed but praise its sleek design . 
i have been looking and comparing these for awhile . 
if they could fix this problem ,  it would be a great bra . 
this is my fault and not the fault of the machine . 
i discovered this when i used a friend s ,  bought it when i had the need ,  haven t regretted it . 
i think it takes a bit of extra time due to the heavy base . releasing pressure is very easy . 
this is a great product !  one thing i was sure wouldn t be good was the little connector pieces . 
the cutter is not high enough to cut a whole potato at once . 
it s also a bit expensive for what your getting .  .  .  .  .  .  . need i say more ?  .  .  .  .  .  . i think not !  . 
french fries are a pain ,  don t bother :  hand cut them with a knife . 
the sound unit was making a horrible noise and it wouldn t stop . 
i will definitely not recommend this phone to anyone . 
just don t put the top on the carafe until you have filled the reservoir . 
this attachment has been a real useful thing . gary peterson . 
it s great ,  i love it ,  but the handle is too short for my liking . 
i love that it comes with a well fitting plastic sleeve for safe storage . 
it could be due to my condition .  .  . but i fouled other products .  .  . paul mitchell awapuhi treatments much better . 
the unit came and right out of the box it had a rattling noise inside . 
it is a business tool to me and gets constant use all day every day . 
the outer cocoa layer was somewhat bitter ,  too . 
i bought the tablecloth some time ago and needed more napkins . 
for a few $ this little device works just great ,  charging them in under an hour . 
i seem to have received a  posessed  coffee pot as it finds different ways to torture me . 
i usually trust sony products ,  but the range on this is decieving . 
after several hours it was only mildly cold . 
i hate having to take down mountain giants ,  but they aren t too bad ,  same with those spirit walkers . 
i purchased it a couple of weeks ago and i am using it all the time . 
the case did not fit the note num_num and once forced on the case+phone does not fit the holster . 
one guaranteed way to crash it is to turn on port forwarding ,  for something simple ,  like ftp . 
i never have tried the stuff again ,  but i will give it a second chance . 
maybe she is just too advanced for it . 
the play link is incredibly easy to use ,  but it doesn t have much bandwidth . 
this case is good good case if your not one for carrying a a brick in your pocket . 
our cats like to knock them over ,  empty them out ,  and then play in them . 
if you like repeative ,  easy games than this is for you . 
the cats who need it won t eat it . 
the grips interfer with the buttons on the side of the phone . 
cheap way to protect your screen on your d inc . 
i have tried so many ,  and i have found that i hate anything hanging on my ear . 
i see reviews of people saying the skin is too small . 
i plugged the dexim in and static is gone . 
it conncected quickly via boluetooth capability to my samsung fascinate galazy s . 
the headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked . 
it smells great  a nice ,  clean smell  and it does make the skin more supple . 
it appears i am meant to be wired . 
the more i took ,  the worse i got . 
the result :  a slightly improved phaser ,  one that still churned out plenty of distortion . 
i do not recommend you get them even if they come in a pack of num_extend
the adapters will catch on and ruin the pins in your phone if you are not very careful though . 
the controls are awkward and it doesn t feel right . 
it has trans fat !  if i had known ,  i would not have purchased . 
my family still uses this item and it works well . 
my bunn is awesome ,  it keeps working and working and working . 
use a regular toothbrush and get your teeth clean regularly is the best prevention . 
i like a sideways phone holster better than a vertical one too . 
that is how i have been drinking this hazelnut flavored coffee the past week . 
in addition with rough sided home grown apples ,  it can skip some of the peel . 
i gave a can of the chicken a ride in a food processor to make a chicken salad . 
of my entire knife set ,  my wusthof santoku is by far my favorite . 
i didn t like the fit at all and sent these back . 
my old hoover carpet shampooer finally bellied up . 
in fact ,  she was the one who got this for me as a christmas present . 
thicker body might offend the  my phone is smaller than your phone  purists . 
i purchased this fits all sizes cover ,  thinking i would possibly be returning it . 
and they offer several bluetooth headsets for cell phones . 
definitely not worth purchasing onling !  would be much better off spend an extra $ at the local sports authority . 
this still seems to be up the the kitchenaid name . 
sight came broken , as i read others had the same problem . 
in my experience with an iphone num_extend s ,  i ve had very good luck with this earpiece . 
when it s charging something else ,  there are two leds that show that everything is working . 
i have no idea if i have followed the instructions on use correctly since they are in japanese . 
it took num_num hours ,  but i got it installed ,  without the bloat ware ,  and the sound quality is great . 
good protection for the screen so i don t worry about putting the phone in my pocket with keys . 
a little heavier than i thought it would be ,  but will sacrifice that for the extra power . 
we have both the straight and fluted cutter set and they work great . 
the point is you just cannot wear these shoes . 
it s easy to clean ,  and is dishwasher safe . 
since i don t have a big ,  strong man around ,  this is the next best thing . 
plus ,  the upcoming version will be a much better value . 
but it has some nice touches that some other dutch ovens don t have . first ,  the general num_extend quarts is .  .  . well .  .  . a lot . 
honestly the cables that come with the system are fine . 
whatever differences there are were negligible  until i started reacting  . 
gotta be on your toes and get them off the heat . 
it is still available within bb messenger ,  but just not text . 
took a long time to get here ,  but i was so happy when they arrived . 
however ,  every time i clean it i seem to slice my sponge in half . 
the bulky plastic parts seem to take up a lot of the space meant for the dog . 
the ankle elastic is quite tight ,  and the material feels coarse  like burlap !   on the bottoms of my feet . 
i have not had a single day without making   fresh   coffee . 
this is the first review i have ever written about a potato masher . 
i suggest you use this under an exhaust fan by the stove ,  it can put out some smoke . 
i had my headphones plugged in and the phone in my pocket . 
but my second legend has the exact same problem . 
to go to some underground place and kill the boss . 
she fits in this fine for travel and overnight sleep . 
it s just too thick and bulky to be a trimmer . 
they all showed it working flawlessly ,  every time . 
i saw them here and thought this is great . 
as many have noted fit is this device s biggest weakness . 
i like the idea of a snapped side ,  but think both sides snapping would be more functional . 
none of the juicers i had used in the past could match the num_extend power setting on the breville . 
i liked the design ,  but the small plates are really small . 
it stays on but is still easy to get off . 
i ve mixed it with low fat milk and water ,  but still the added pounds . 
i ve never gotten it to connect at better than num_num mbps and the connection frequently drops to num_num mbps . 
i have never been a person that can use his phone while plugged into the wall or the lighter . 
these cut off the circulation to your fingers . 
i do long weekend bike rides about num_extend to num_extend per day . 
it fits my num_extend macbook pro perfectly and does exactly what it s supposed to do . 
received and tried out for the first time by making a large batch of peanut butter cookies . 
i would not recommend these covers for your phone . 
i handwash all the parts ,  and wipe down the base with a towel . 
it s a screen protector .  . works well def buy if you need one . 
as will taking it out of its case . 
i checked the beans left in the can that i had not heated and they were burned also . 
i purchased num_extend of these cases ,  one for my wife s phone and one for mine . 
plugged this into a talkabout num_extend and it just transmitted . 
the track falls apart if you even just look at it funny . 
your boots will have to be literally about two sizes too big for these to fit into them . 
if you mow your lawn down to the dirt and curse at gas powered tools and hate mowing . 
it is easy to put together ,  use ,  wipe off ,  and take apart ,  and it stores small . 
i don t use any double hooks on this rack because i find it too small for that . 
too expensive to buy one every three months . 
this case definitely helped save battery life on my pearl . 
i throw the pizza on the pan ,  stick it in the oven for about num_num minutes and perfect pizza . 
i only compare this jawbone to other jawbones . 
we used the natural sources % elderberry concentrate for several years ,  faithfully taking num_num tbsp . 
works great ,  really convenient ,  charges my iphone num_extend
this has to be one of the prettiest umbrellas ever . 
if you have an htc evo ,  you need some protection for it . 
the plastic lid is a nice touch to protect from dust . 
which is what it is designed for !  !  ! stay away from this atrocity . 
then it takes some time to straighten it . 
i get % battery after num_num complete day of usage . 
i immediately canceled our subscription to consumer reports and told them why . 
super fast shipping ,  product as described ,  fits perfectly . 
please save your money and dont buy this game . 
if you decide to purchase this pool make sure you put something under it . 
i wish i knew which apps caused it . 
for now ,  i ll have to stick with the overpriced cans or with cups of espresso . 
the covering is design well and does what it s supposed to do . 
i received this  unexpectedly  as a gift from my brother for christmas . 
thejabra extreme bluetooth headsetis so far the best headset that i have used . 
it was squeeze and steam ,  than wipe ,  and so on . 
they cost quite a bit more than these but you get what you pay for . 
a brush is needed to scrub the imbedded garlic . 
used it in a leg of lamb once and was accurate  used my digital one in the other leg  . 
i mean ,  you ll always have a game that will play . 
if you want to make any other shape ,  you have to purchase more track  expensive  . 
other than those deficiencies ,  the mat is reasonably padded and the material is soft ,  not silky but soft enough . 
first of all i went to use the pink one and it instantly broke . 
as far as protection goes it gets a zero . 
whatever it was i will not be buying these . 
i chose this decanter for my first try at decanting . 
i love this steamvac !  we have a dog and a toddler so our carpet is constantly getting little stains . 
comes in multiple sizes to fit every need . 
i used anker screen protectors before and they are awesome . 
this was supposed to be a christmas gift for my husband ,  but he was home when the package arrived . 
i looked at several makers and decided on this one ,  due to price and design . 
the button on our old one broke off and fell inside . 
since i have bought this thing ,  i have not used an iron . 
the third just has rings at either end . 
if came in a bundle with the mapsource software ,  a usb cable and a lanyard . 
i m in my num_extend and am not unaccustomed to dealing with flatware . 
i reduced my calories a little more and continued exercising . 
i have this but i wouldnt  say it does a great job of cleaning up . 
bought this product to make smooth baby food . 
the knives are very difficult to insert and even more difficult to take out . 
just don t expect the last few drops to pour nicely . 
i really like this grill and look forward to using it to cook other items besides steak . 
sattle up the syrup boys ,  we are headed to the flopzone . 
i love the spice rack and the glass bottles . 
i have had one of these since num_extend
bought this kitchen aid in num_num and it is still going strong !  use it very frequently . 
i was really looking forward to receiving this product but was disappointed with its result . 
each piece seems very sturdy and i expect many years of use . 
the handle feels like a piece of junk . 
i finally got it in the air and hovering ,  or nearly so ,  moving very slowly across the livingroom . 
i have had this air purifier for about four years ,  and it still works very well .  .  . highly recommended . 
paired with the recipes from the book  artisan bread in num_num minutes a day  i ve had wonderful results . 
i use this tiny little skillet almost daily during the winter to quickly melt small amounts of coconut oil . 
easy to operate and no issues grabbing the can . 
unfortunately ,  the fit of my new bras are very awkward . 
i wanted a white shawl but ,  when it came it wasn t white . 
the result was truly delicious ,  by far the most moist poultry i have eaten for a long time . 
i received this sauce from the vine program . 
the battery i got with it hardly lasts a whole day of shooting ,  especially when shooting in raw mode . 
first let me say that the steam comes out quite quickly . 
i lost only two dollars before i realized i have to get something else . 
i do salad ,  soup and a sandwich ,  sometimes with chips or a few pieces of candy . 
practice on a garden knife not your henkels . 
which is not available off the shelf in most stores . 
it requires a deep pot filled with oil or a fry daddy or similar product . 
it really wasn t good when about six boxes of boots tumbled over in the closet . 
they feel sturdier than any pans i ve used before . 
can t beat num_num additional batteries with a wall charger for less than $
nevertheless ,  for $ dollars it should hold up better . 
i used this exact kettle for around num_num yrs . 
eat as much as you want !  as stated ,  you can use the paper concentrators over and over . 
they run small too ,  but have great support . 
it literally follows u through doors and into new areas constantly !  he s hard to kill and always comes back . 
the controls are responsive but make no mistake ,  this game rewards button mashing like few others . 
wish i never got it for my mother . 
i purchased the farberware num_num cup percolator to replace my other farberware percolator that i had for num_num years . 
i bought some little pictures ,  that i hung with these . 
this is extremely thin and very hard to tear . 
it would not fit in two other chairs i tried it on either . 
i tried using it every other day and still same rash with welts . 
the crappiest rts game is better than this . 
in my opinion ,  a dark roast should be much more stronger and bolder in flavor . 
at least when it s from the store you can return it after num_num days . 
i bought a new battery figured the battery needed replacement .  .  .  . no luck . 
translated ,  this is a waste of energy and money . 
it is a great size ,  cooks evenly and clean up is a breeze . 
the sound quality didn t exist ,  obviously . the second one was better .  .  .  . for num_num days ,  then it started doing the same thing . 
there are no puzzles or unique obstacles that have to be dealt with . 
you can see that these types of cases are less than ideal . 
from the first bof down to this one ,  the quality has gradually declined . 
i d get crazy messages and images on the screen ,  but no access to function . 
the word  cheap  comes to my mind for this product . 
i bought some locally and although the odor is similar it is much milder and tolerable . 
i ve had this grinder for over two decades and it has performed well . 
if this guy won t eat it ,  i can t believe anyone would . 
terrible dont waste your money unless you want a plan white case  !  . 
putting it on and taking it off is very easy for those stands that don t leave room for cases . 
i tried again and the same thing happened . 
the change to a horizontal display is great with the ability to dim or brighten it . 
the first one lasted a few years at most ,  but the belt drive system went out . 
at this price ,  i can t pass up the opportunity of adding additional d arques pieces to my collection . 
the box says that it is concentrated and will basically stain anything it touches and that is no exaggeration . 
kinda disappointed in this product didn t make my puppy relieve himself as expected . 
sound is not up to my other cheap koss headphones . 
i have had good luck with verbatim in the past but these disks suck . 
my whole kitchen is filled with oxo products ,  so i thought that i would try this . 
but you have to get used to how it works . 
i think the handle is a bit flimsy ,  and could have a better design . 
in fact ,  my hair looked lighter afterward ,  both times i used it . 
a hemostat would work too but the tongs release more quickly  handy when you re about to burn them !   . 
i ordered this rack to attack to my tiny dish drying rack for my tiny apartment kitchen . 
but thats ok i said ,  its kinda old game perhaps . 
it doesn t really stretch and does not bend easily . 
instead ,  i was informed that this device would not ,  in fact ,  provide me with wireless internet as advertised . 
please see my review of the frieling primo teapot with infuser ,  num_num ounce . 
i also have trouble with attaching it to different surfaces . 
another review stated the cord cannot take too much heat . 
although i did blood test continuously ,  i did not see much difference . 
mine is stained a dark brown and it almost looks like it is painted . 
some days are better than others ,  same as always . 
i have used this product twice and i learned something you should know . 
the most upvoted review says that there is a dial to change how much product comes out . 
too dark for light blondes ,  does not look natural . 
the moto num_extend also doesn t come with a case ,  i used the one i had from the num_extend
it doesn t smell bad ,  but it also doesn t smell good . 
i would come home from a day at work and would play with a friend online . 
luckily ,  i caught it before it could cause any damage . 
villaware num_extend grand wrap tortilla and flatbread makeris cheaply made . 
i love having this because now i don t feel as if i need to have chargers everywhere i turn . 
it is all metal ,  and remember ,  caesar salad is not from italy ,  it s from mexico . 
it keeps your bird off fat and juices so it will cook more evenly . 
when i requested this ,  a key bit of information was not listed on the amazon product page . 
sorry i couldn t give it a one star review . 
the gaps on the sides of the front are too large . 
i was skeptical because there are too many parts and openings . 
i ve never had this problem with my other protectors . 
i wish it went directly to off or had the option for warm or off . 
it hasn t come off yet during play ,  but it s really only a matter of time . 
also ,  very strangely ,  the subtitles are usually off from what is being said . 
i don t drink much coffee but i do like a cup every now and then . 
at first ,  by the look and feel ,  i thought it was  cheap  . 
we don t prefer to portion and freeze our pet food ahead of time . 
num_num months ago i had a heel spur removed because it was so bad . 
no problem with the bread sticking at all ,  good crust ,  good moist crumb . 
for the money even if they all have a life span of a month its still worth the price . 
i don t mind the little extra to make all things work well . 
chewing and inducing stomach juices constantly can give some people stomach problems as it did for us . 
i think there is something wrong with this food . 
i should have bought a rod and brush . 
anyways ,  life went on and i forgot to follow up . 
the size is perfect and lets me do a large volume at one time . 
i bought the bear for my wife as just a little pick me up . 
i received this pan an hour ago ,  and it s going right back . 
otterbox accounted for this by cutting into the polycarbonate part a bit ,  but you can still feel something . 
it actually feels like there isn t any protector on it at all ,  unlike a silicone case . 
i didn t buy this and the num_extend skillets on amazon ,  but elsewhere . 
he got the short end of the stick here . 
i ve dropped my phone many many times ,  face down even ,  and not a scratch !  !  ! i love these cases !  !  !  . 
or certainly not last for a second repair . 
we have had two pairs of these now . 
the feature that makes this phone great compared to the competition is the operating system . 
this crockpot is very sleek looking and a nice size . 
the handles on the size of the griddle take space on the stove . 
makes constant hissing sound in the ear ,  and often it is quite painful . 
they all have their individual downfalls . however ,  this panasonic model is clearly the most disappointing . 
mine works really well and i even forget that i have it on me . 
to me ,  it was very dry ,  and the mocha flavor tasted like overly burned chocolate . 
anyways ,  this phone case seems to prevent that sensor from working properly . 
nothing else protects as well ,  other than much more bulky cases . 
i thought this would work well for me . 
i have one in every car num_extend i own and my truck . 
this is the best foil cutter i ve used . 
i ate one for breakfast and found it moderately filling . 
it is also nice for the individual in the household who wants cream with coffee . 
i have this one for decaff ,  and the plain top for regular coffee beans . 
but ,  i will probably go back to the crest product when i need my next round of whitening . 
i thought it would be a good product for my granddaughters fine ,  frizzy ,  curly hair ,  but it s not . 
i used the recipe that came with it ,  and it hasn t failed me yet . 
i ve never heard better sound quality from any num_extend music player ,  and i ve owned quite a few of them . 
used properly ,  the knife should be drawn toward you during maintenance . 
it is cheap !  !  !  !  wobbles and my cat can t jump down . 
i have a kitty rescue ranch and hoped this would be of use . 
this works great ,  plus you always have a usb cord to connect your phone to your computer . 
so you ll have to take a full serving in two bottles . 
this press works well and i really like that i get more garlic out of each clove . 
the warm setting is actually the same as the high setting . 
so ,  it was with hesitation that i tried the vanilla ground coffee . 
he has kidney problems because he is diabetic . 
when choosing a manual brewing method ,  it was down to french press ,  and chemex . 
the pan itself is very sturdy and has more heft than any nonstick pan i ve used before . 
i d like the fact that it has different temperature settings . 
it really does have a great salon quality scent ,  compared to an artificial herbal essence or something . 
i guess you have to pick your discomfort in cycling . 
i will never be buying this product again . 
while this is pictured to be the usual humectress i ve purchased for years ,  it is not what i received . 
yes ,  it s funky and glitzy ,  but aside from its touted suction power ,  it s a terribly designed ,  expensive product . 
plus it had a huge chunk taken out of one of the openings . 
also it is comming obviously with a screen protector . 
it just went to carpet which was no good for my hardwood floors . 
this just isn t the right exfoiliant for my face . 
i did better then ok ,  we ate wonderfully with just a toaster oven and george foreman grill . 
i have also given them countless times as gifts . 
tools ,  time and a workbench are required . avoid at all costs . 
this may be the worst game i have ever played . 
my wife and i really tried to like this but it was very tedious and slow . 
the color is great and it last ,  but it cakes on my eyes . 
i got these in the mail not to long ago ,  there perfect . 
for cheap cutting boards ,  i love this material . 
perfect size . get it online like at amazon for a better price than at the store . 
i ve had a ton of cases for my iphone but these are my favorite . 
i haven t used this yet but have past experience with the brand . 
the cable i got from cellular num_num star works like a charm on my ipad num_extend
got it here for a little over $
in addition ,  it comes with a clear plastic protector so that the apple logo does not get scratched . 
works like a charm and with the casters it is very easy to move around the patio . 
now i wish i would hav bought it two years ago ! solid construction and it works like a charm . 
this might be the money talking ,  but the coffee taste better . 
the menu interface is probably more confusing than it needs to be ,  but you kinda get used to it . 
i don t care for this product much due to the white residue it left in my hair . 
so ,  if i fall out of love with it later ,  i ll come back and post an update . 
there are regular sim card adapters to put micro sim in . 
i recently tried a brand called xylosweet ,  and it tastes much more like sugar . 
i had hoped the  wind noise  reduction technology would make for a great experience . 
i just learned how to can dry goods . 
it fits great and feels great in the hand too . 
he confirmed that this was a problem with the phone and that samsung is working on a maintenance update . 
i ve been using foodsaver s products for many years now . 
the stylus ruined the cover ,  i took it off after a few days . 
if the yogurt doesn t turn out ,  you are doing something wrong . 
it just feels cheap . overall ,  when you take the price into consideration this case is a great value . 
my music sounds a bit tinny even when i adjust the settings on the num_extend
i bought one for my mother in nz and alas she got a faulty probe . 
i bought this after a trip to italy where we used it in a cooking class to make gnocchi . 
called apple support ,  after discussins with two tech support folks ,  answer was  windows problem  . 
there is more to this product and you need to investigate it before buying . 
we ll see what happens and i ll post an update . 
i have been looking for a microwave popper for some time . 
what more is there to say ?  except to buy a spare . 
the shape of it is always weird and awkward too . 
the cap hole is very small and hard to get bb s out . 
it s easier to read than the inside of a bottlecap . 
we cannot proceed with your order without some action on your part . 
although not perfect ,  it seems a lot people have had satisfactory service with the num_extend firmware . 
we purchased this jug for our milk and are so happy with it . 
it would cause my computer to sound an alarm for the s . m . a . r . t . 
you ll be surprised how delicious your steaks and burgers taste . 
you re beginning to understand the mythical power associated with exquisitely crafted knives like the japanese sword katana . 
it does indeed need at least num_num square foot of working space . 
not sure how that got num_num stars for obvious design flaws . 
i was happy how quickly this was deliverd . 
i wish i had returned this and bought one from walmart . 
i can t seem to get it work with some other application  like work processor ,  spreadsheet  . 
easy to rinse too ,  so why not ?  perfect . 
as well as posting reviews ,  please report this product to the cpsc . 
it works ,  but the straps are constantly coming loose . 
i have had this phone for over a year . 
one adjusts quickly ,  placing utensils business end downward in the rack . 
but you know it could just be the one i got is a dud . 
i bought these for my dog and shelter dogs where i volunteer . 
i like it better than my metal laof pans . 
others have said it more often and well . 
the color palletes for things are not right and there s a lot of dithering . 
i purchased this price for a great deal . 
looks like i m packing this cable away to keep it as a backup for the dexim . 
i chose the black color and it goes with all the appliances in my kitchen . 
i really like the grip material as it helps keep you steady on the downward press . 
like the water filter and adjustable brew size . 
the handles on the pot itself stay cool to the touch during cooking . 
the storage stand is cleverly designed and unobtrusive . 
also search the web for creative nomad firmware problem for more information . 
now for the good stuff num_num different missions set over num_num distinct period of time . 
they fit little kid fingers terribly ,  just look at the picture . 
there product is little better than insoles that come with your shoes . 
ordered this for some extra storage in a workplace kitchen area . 
after cutting off the num_extend mm stereo plug from one and replacing it ,  it now works well . 
these are large capsules and you have to take two of them to get the promised num_num mg curcmin . 
i ve been very careful in how i ve cleaned and stored this delicate probe . 
if you re like me ,  you have about eight  turners  or similar type of kitchen gadget in a drawer . 
this cover fits nicely and looks super nice . 
the best thing about these cups is their indestructibility . 
i have had this for almost a year  since it came out i quickly bought num_extend
however this shea butter is really different than products i ve used before . 
now i can plug in my gps and charge my cell and bluetooth at the same time . 
in any event ,  i was not sure if i would like juicing or the clean up ,  etc . 
would you hand your kid a chef s knife to chop celery ?  don t be fooled by this tool . 
it does not have the traditional cinnamon flavor that i love . 
i m glad i went with the num_num shelf model . 
one reviewer says you should try this before buying six pounds of it . 
if you are looking for something to hold a few very small caplets ,  then this may work for you . 
it s cheap plastic with no strength in holding your phone . 
i fill it in the kitchen sink which is plenty big enough . 
it leaves a strong acrid ,  bitter ,  pungent aftertaste that lasts for hours . 
i have pureed soups right in the cooker using an emersion blender and no problems . 
i am so glad that i bought these and saved so much money . 
the tpu case is perfect ,  fits with this dock too . 
it makes a fantastic shot ,  skinny vanilla latte ,  or caramel macchiato . 
 save your $ good backscratcher comes bagged or boxed because it touches your skin . 
trains can enter ,  but then can t make the turn to get out . 
worse ,  after you kill the frozen game ,  it won t recognize your dvd any more . 
a few runs down the sharpener and they cut things crisply . 
but if you see an anchor hocking num_num qt for sale ,  let me know . 
it didn t really do much except for killing some mossy growth in the corner of one of the chairs . 
i have found it easy to use and the magnet is strong enough to leave it on the refrigerator . 
i haven t cooked with it ,  seasoned it or washed it yet . 
half of the tools you get with this kit are useless . 
especailly from a high end name as ugg s . 
the small oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries . 
personally ,  i don t care for the whole medieval politics setup ,  but it might please some . 
it gets more of the juice from smaller or thin skinned lemons like  meyer  lemons . 
purchased two batteries ,  one for my phone and one for my wife s . 
i believed this pot set will last me at least num_num years . 
has some nice weight to it ,  which a man can appreciate . 
and the fact that it s a bagless and with no hepa made it even more attractive . 
it s much better than the old num_extend garlic press my mom gave me a long time ago . 
this comes in very handy for straining multiple cans of beans . 
nope ,  num_num months later and it won t charge . 
what else should i say to satisfy the number of words required per review ?  . 
it fits right in my dishwasher and cleans up well . 
works well ,  good quality ,  i can use the bottom as a serving bowl . 
my house is stinky enough as it is without the contributions of my dogs .  ncjvr  . 
organic bold and donut shop are still our faves . 
the color is a nice splash on the table . 
the product is smooth ,  however ,  and it almost slipped out of my hands several times . 
kojima did an excellent job on the incredibly character driven story . 
it looks kind of large but i can hardly feel it when i m wearing it . 
nothing to be done about it now ,  i suppose . 
what can i say ?  the product works and hasn t broken yet . 
this game however ,  takes an endless amount of time to complete a fight no matter what your level . 
you will get up to num_extend cookies with this scooper and it makes great meatballs as well . 
 juice from the cashew fruit .   but i didn t care for the taste and it leaves your mouth feeling  filmy  . 
got these along with the larger size  supercooler  . 
this book isn t much help if you are not taking the wilton cake decorating classes . 
it also gave me a stomach ache and didn t make me feel very well . 
also ,  if you will be grinding for espresso ,  keep in mind your espresso machine . 
very time consuming and tiring to inflate  small valves you have to squeeze while num_extend
there are only num_num grams of fiber  not bad ,  but not great  and only num_num gram of fat . 
i think the quality of . the battery is questionable . but it does outlast my original by a significant amount of time . 
great range for candy making  unlike one of the more inexpensive models that amazon sells  and reasonable wire length . 
if this is any example of build quality ,  then i can now only give this headset num_num stars overall . 
for a novice ,  it was easy to set up with the phone and get started . 
that one is pretty good too ,  but inferior to this one . 
it does not fall off my belt easily ,  as some other pouches have done . 
i can t tell how far along it is by how hard it is to turn either . 
the base jumps a little while grinding ,  but it isn t bad . 
the opener latches on well and turns with gentle pressure ,  smoothly and quickly . 
however ,  for a small room ,  the hamilton beach unit provides quiet ,  efficient air cleaning in a compact unit . 
and i ll be comparing this to the num_extend vs . 
it is the best purchase i have made for my kitchen ,  right after my kitchenaid mixer itself . 
it isn t perfect but it works just great . 
i told hubby he better not mess with me ;  . 
at least it was cheep i m sure one of my friends will take it off my hands . 
unfortunately ,  the cables suffer from interference while using some software combinations . 
it is noisy ,  but sometimes the noise is a good thing !  !  i love it !  !  . 
i tried the dryer balls hoping to cut my drying time . 
i did not realize that to get the full sesame seed taste and aroma ,  they had to be grounded . 
hot tap water will be a poor substitute . 
the case is everything as described for the price paid . 
that was until i received a cast iron pizza pan . 
also the material inside is not as soft as it used to be . 
my num_num year old dog is pretty set in what she likes and does not like . 
after years of microwave popcorn ,  i finally remembered why i liked popcorn . 
it shows that it can cook num_num slices but they get a bit cramped ,  still ,  it works well . 
even cake mix out of a box is a whole different cake ,  much better texture . 
this is what i wanted and the right price . 
i use them on the stove top ,  for things from the oven and even on my grill . 
after a mishap with one board ,  i quickly received a replacement and it is great . 
these are like construction worker or army boots . 
he started having gas and diarrhea from day one . 
gives me options on grind by pulsing button . for flavors only available .  .  . if by press or filter brewers . 
unfortunately ,  music listeners will not get stereo bluetooth streaming because of the limited bandwidth of this system . 
i would estimate they hold num_num regular size shampoo bottles very nicely . 
if you re looking for a little extra added protection ,  check out otterbox defender line . 
i made rice in this pan at least num_num times and it turned out perfect . 
i decided to try these inserts as they are relatively inexpensive . 
are there any one that agrees with me ?  ?  . 
it has also stood up to the dishwasher rather well . 
overall ,  though ,  most levels are designed for enemies to take advantage of knocking you in a pit . 
also i don t think feeder is particularly photogenic . 
don t know what they did to the formula ,  but this one was yucko . 
great product .  .  .  . it gets the job done .  .  .  .  .  . highly recommended .  .  .  .  . smooth working little machine that will do the job right each grind . 
wireless charging is one of those things you wouldn t expect to be as comforting as it actually is . 
but then i tried to feed this to my daughter . 
when you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot . 
for some reason there is dissention in the manufacturer s description if the concentrator disk is actually mandatory or not . 
tried putting seasonings on it but it doesn t help . 
if you have it adjusted incorrectly at all it will not pick up anything . 
i don t like biting into ginger chunks ,  and had trouble mincing the ginger small enough by hand . 
i believe its possible this is just too harsh on my scalp . 
if you are look for a pump to run continuously then stay away from this one . 
i read lots of negative reviews but decided to get anyway . 
they are super easy on the hands and seems like they will last for many years . 
it s a little big ,  but good for the upcoming holidays . 
however ,  the sound quality seems to be below what is required for consistent use . 
however ,  i am very unhappy with the quality and fit of these protectors . 
the shield itself was in a hermetic transparent bag and has inperfections ,  lines all over protective filed surface . 
i have read good things about this brand and finally took the plunge to buy it . 
there must be some ingredient in it that stimulates the cat s brain . 
i am so disappointed on the highball glasses ,  though . 
my hair feels great after using the therappe shampoo ,  then i use the conditioner and it actually feels worse . 
it cuts through things so easily that i barely have to move my hand for it to work . 
it is light enough for me to carry from room to room . 
now i don t have to worry about scratching up my iphone . 
perfect up until the moment i discovered i had a penis . 
i love that it s pink and it works perfectly !  it came on time and it wasn t damaged at all . 
generally ,  the micro usb is on newer phones . 
the foundation post can also be saved from this to use as a single scratching post . 
i would recommend just about anything made by belkin . 
dawn of mana is no exception as it is without a doubt one of the worst mana games ever . 
i love this product and have used it several times . 
and doesn t fit at all down there ,  it s a mess . 
the idea behind this product is excellent; the product itself ,  however ,  is far from perfect . 
after i purchased it ,  i found it elsewhere for half the price . 
overall ,  definately a healthy way to get some fiber in your diet . 
they have come off my cabinet a few times . 
had a hard time seeing the pictures clearly even with glasses . 
so ,  now i m searching for another product ,  without any help . 
i love that i am able to essentially grill indoors with this pan . 
i love the design of this ,  especially with the little hole on either side to play in . 
i will then try your product again . hope this is helpful . 
after much fussing and swearing ,  my dog tolerated me putting this on him . 
better to just wash them by hand ,  which is why i didn t give it num_num stars . 
the cord is really long and is just what i wanted . 
it really is cute but it dont recommend for a long time use . 
reset button and repeated attempts to connect failed . not recommended . 
boy was i glad i had num_num of them . 
but depending on your purpose ,  this might not be an issue . 
this one ,  however was a bit more of an investment for me but i haven t regretted it . 
the problem is with the very thin wires . 
something you can t do by just rinsing off your head of lettuce . 
it holds all our knives and i like the steak knife slots . 
i am not able to drug around to water my flower beds . 
the outside is a textured plastic shell which feels somewhat  soft  but not rubbery . 
i do not recommend this product .  .  . my next one will be a simple brand . 
most of the oil had was tossed out along with the broken bottle . 
i d just go to a dermatologist if you have skin problems . 
we decided to try the frontline plus ,  and have been tremendously disappointed . 
the smell is a little sickening to me but if it did it s job ,  i could overlook that part . 
the top and bottom of the container are rubber ,  so no slipping which i love . 
it pretty much fits the size and shape of every cell phone . 
if you thought that farberware made good quality cookware ,  you are wrong . 
basically ,  this means that they brew at the perfect temperature and do it consistently . 
i have nothing negative to say about this ,  and would buy again . 
it s a good thing i didn t pay a lot of money for this case i will never use it . 
i need more and would recommend them to any baker . 
filling it is a breeze as compared to others in dept stores . 
worst sleep i have gotten in my entire life !  i m going back to sleepytime tea . 
i m assuming this is because all these stones go through shipping and are bounced around before they get here . 
i had nothing to scrap my bowls with and was getting frustrated . 
a certain mission early in the second part has max unarmed with the exception of a baseball bat . 
if you try to add resistance the pedals stick . 
change the cold water every day and it s perfect . 
i wanted to like it as i have heard so many good things about it . 
will definitely be buying a more sturdy one soon . 
this item arrived when promised ,  was well packaged and therefore undamaged . 
very fancy bottle ,  when you pump it out comes that thick ,  greasy ,  white sunscreen everyone has run into before . 
even when i placed the itrip within one meter of my car s antenna ,  the sound quality did not improve . 
i am impressed with the versatility offered by these chargers . 
the cat and the dog can fit through it . 
 local  play makes me wonder what nintendo thought about how many ds systems each family was going to have . 
i used to buy depend when the item was white . 
they are perfect for attaching to cabinets because anything with screws would be too damaging to the cabinet wall . 
i do love the regular donut house flavor ,  as well as the chocolate glazed donut  yum !   . 
the cardboard tag in the bottom was also identical . 
at that point i saw the metal on the inside of the pot start to corrode . 
i will be using this on my body when the summertime comes . 
arrived for christmas and discovered that without other sets this set could not make a circle . 
so ,  this sits in the drawer and we use it maybe five or six times . 
while the product has a lot of salt ,  i stilll found it rather tasteless . 
it is a shame that motorola build such a great phone ,  but no driver for it . 
aubrey organics has more natural ingredients and makes my hair cleaner and silkier . 
i had sensitivity set on high and changed range from num_extend to num_extend still no difference . 
it is lighter than a usual pomade but it is much stickier . 
i really wanted to like these ,  and i really wanted my kids to like them . 
for now all i can say ,  red bob s sunflower seeds seem  taste  pretty good to me . 
the only thing i can figure is that the workers selecting these orders suffer a deficiency of sighted awareness . 
this shoe was too snug for my taste . 
looks like the supplier found a way to cut corners on belkin recently . 
this case is a higher quality plastic that doesn t feel cheap . 
i too wanted my cats to have silica dust free litter ,  so i switched to this brand . 
my time spent baking has been cut so much . 
i used to have two ,  lost them ,  and replaced with this one ,  which is even better . 
he has already worn out his first pair so i decided to purchase these . 
i recommed this with num_num stars !  it s great !  !  . 
there s hardly any popcorn that doesn t pop in it . 
i will certainly think twice before buying another one of their games . 
upon seeing it ,  i don t think that s a wise idea . 
it cuts anything ,  is really sharp ,  and has never needed sharpening . 
this router is serviceable and has good range but the firmware corrupts the memory . 
i m just glad it didn t turn my hair blue !  . 
here is the immediately reply i got in big bold letters . 
we registered and received num_num set of these knives for our wedding . 
it is stored and ready to serve when called upon . 
it has been a few months now and the case is holding up . 
once that gets to mixing ,  i put the plastic  splash  guard up and slowly pour in my dry ingredients . 
it was the same premise ,  but it didn t come with the mini usb or micro usb adapters . 
if there is a difference between this and an oem charger i can t tell . 
let me first say each channel is about num_extend max per channel at num_num ohms . 
i don t like the blade ,  the handle ,  the  saw  or the sheath . 
so he trimmed the hair and gave me a restorative shampoo to help my hair . 
just wish someone would make a lid for this pan !  . 
i didnt think my head was too big until wearing these ,  now im self conscious everywhere i go . 
i was hoping to get a bargain when i bought this for num_num dollars . 
we can get pet hair cought in it . 
cool retro gift for anyone who remembers the percolators of old . 
after all the reviews and paranoia about which size press to buy ,  i went with the four cup press . 
we have had an identical one for about num_num years and we find it excellent . 
if your super rugged on your phones ,  extreme sports ,  or constuction then maybe a tougher case might be applicable . 
you could literally cook chili for num_num in here ,  or soup for num_extend
so ,  i borrowed the game from my work and i decided to play it . 
the light around this mirror does nothing but look pretty . 
and after you destroy those robots in point a ,  it makes you go to point b , and over again . 
if you have this helmet ,  give it a good tug on the straps and watch the harness fall apart . 
this game looked like fun but after trying it ,  i quickly lost interest . 
ok for a time ,  but there needs to be an end . 
they re reasonably easy to clean with a paper towel ,  and have lasted almost two years . 
there is quite a gap between the case and the headset plug . 
fits well and has protected the phone when dropped on tile floor . 
but perfect for pasta or any main course over rice . 
i use it daily with the powermat charger . 
i am used to strong coffee but this is was just a travesty . 
back in the num_extend before the epa stomped on the ingredients these worked great . 
if you really want this game get it for pc . 
i used it several times hoping i just needed to get use to it . 
these are comfortable but the sound is awful . 
rubber is a bit hard and does not glide smoothly with the screen of my ipad and iphone . 
however it doesn t charge to a full % and looses its charge quickly . 
and it came really fast in the mail . 
num_num month old pup tore this up the very day she got it . 
they literally disembowel them and i find paper guts everywhere . 
and word compleation is a real timesaver over the palm . 
since the urine flows through the screen to get to the urine pad ,  it collects on the pastic . 
this made it quick and easy to replace the broken carafe . 
shaves about num_num minutes off the cook time . 
i have purchased a zagg screen for num_num different devices over the years . 
this is one of those ,  who would have thought this is useful items for me . 
there s a lot of filler in this dog food . 
you don t waste plastic bags and know what is in your cupboard instead of in your freezer . 
i thought the first one on playstation num_num was awesome along with san andreas . 
it s not super heavy ,  but not flimsy either . 
this vacuum was rated a consumer reports best buy ,  though i was skeptical . 
i was dissapointed in calms ,  it did have good reviews and i was so hopeful . 
price isn t that bad ,  but it just doesn t seem that healthy for your pups . 
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
so wrong as to be absurd . this little plastic clamshell omelet gizmo works exactly as advertised . 
i bought these to cover up my stove that looked like it came out of a war . 
i m hoping it s just a bad porting job done for xbox . 
it s great for the laptop because it doesn t get tangle up in the bag . 
after about num_num days it started to give errors when trying to preview my images . 
not quite what i was hoping for in a spawn game . 
it worked well and left my skin feeling clean and dead skin free . 
in other words ,  i could not insert the num_extend battery . 
i understand its satin and all but doesn t mean you get to rip people off . 
buy the three pack !  you need one for a trial and error . 
this tool of the professional will not wilt ,  shrink ,  warp or get hot . 
this was a christmas gift and it has already ripped and is heading to the dumpster . 
i like to mix bell pepper and onions in ground beef instead of using a large spoon . 
yeah it kinda worked for a day or so . 
all i need is the top part . so this is a good item i suppose . 
although i did not buy the guide ,  it may help some players outofficial nintendo super paper mario player s guide . 
my old corkscrew of num_num year use fell on the floor and broke . 
i almost don t want to use it because of it s beauty . 
this was my first stereo bluetooth for music and it s ok with a few num_extend
delivery was prompt and product was as described . 
i beat it would easily crush number num_num limestone to dust . well made with simple but good ergonomics . 
the one it came with was very cheap . 
very well made product that will last for years . 
i will be buying the other sizes of this oxo item ,  and trashing all the others from my drawer . 
just like other reviewers said ,  they are not dried ,  they are like preserved with too much sugar . 
these have fairly short cutting edges and relatively longer handles . 
other than this issue it is a good product . 
i have a lot of loaf pans but this out does them all . 
for num_num dollars you d expect it to be aluminum at least . 
now i use this product and am very happy with it . 
i think american crew is a pretty good line of inexpensive products for hair . 
the light was not bright enough to trace things .  .  . all in all this product was very disappointing . 
not much to do with this little workbench . 
no no no no no no no no no . 
best bet would have been to send back to amazon but was num_num days out of full refund window . 
the unit uses a single volume button that toggles between num_num volume settings . 
it s not like any of those cheap silicon cases that you can get for couple bucks on ebay . 
it is extremely light with a very comfortable band . 
i hope this is corrected in the future . 
so far num_extend weeks  it s absolutely silent and puts out as many bubbles as the fusion did . 
moreover ,  i don t like any product that automatically installs a required program . 
i have been wanting one of these for sometime and finally broke down and spent the money . 
i noticed my flat beater had a chip in it ,  so i ordered num_num of the burnished . 
i wanted to listen to audio books and podcasts . 
it is simpy large enough to cover the handle and protect hands from burning . 
they fit to the screen perfectly and stick well . 
we got this pitcher as a wedding gift and we ve been using it now for over num_num years . 
summons once again find little reason to exist  seems to be an issue since num_extend
most games you type in your cdkey ,  hit install ,  wait a num_num minutes ,  and you are done . 
will keep using unless i find something better . 
if you re looking for a bluetooth headset look not further this is the right one for you . 
not !  like i said ,  i am a casual user . 
it sharpened well . bottom line :  this is a great knife and worth the money . 
works fine and they are a little thicker than the older flexible mats we were using . 
as far as the style is concerned it s ok but the material for the screen protector is horrible . 
it offers basic protection ,  but is much more minimal than other cases . 
the windows that pop up have no explanation . 
it made mincing garlic much easier and quicker . 
i haven t had it very long so it s a bit early to tell how well it holds it s edge . 
you d burn more calories raising your chair up a little and swinging your feet back and forth . 
one of these will probably last longer than my headset ,  but that is good . 
it did not fall from a high place either . 
my husband ended up having some made for me that never all out because the backing is so tight . 
there is no distintion between waypoints and stops so it doesn t show stops along routes . 
also enjoyed playing with the colorul little balls . 
one star ,  because i didn t order espresso ,  but that s what i got . 
i found that this one didn t seem to last as long as the others once it got wet . 
mine came unbranded which i m glad since i don t actually use this cable for a blackberry . 
these cartridges can easily be swapped out in a variety of brita products . 
you can put a hepa air filter near it like i did . 
i m not thrilled with these polishes as you can see . 
i read the size and the reviews but i didn t really understand how tiny this platter is . 
once used to it though  ,  i find it to be a superior virtual kb . 
it seems amateur in many ways ,  and isn t particularly fun ,  either . 
wow ,  if you bake bread .  .  . this thing rocks !  i don t know why i waited so long to buy one . 
i m so glad i went back to this method of popping corn . 
it has performed admirably in all of these tasks . 
when you bake garlic in this it comes out like butter . 
i would recommend these to anyone who wants to remember an easier time . 
the fact that this defect occurred while the razor was in use shaving my neck is rather alarming . 
i would love to have this same mixer with a larger bowl . 
i am reducing this another star because i hate the way that it dispenses . 
size wize ,  it s smaller than an internal num_extend computer hard drive . 
this is a great pan at a great price . 
at a nickel a shave ,  it would take num_num shaves before i would spend $
i needed an extended case ,  and this one turned out to be an excellent choice . 
really good experience and very happy with the purchase . 
ha is great for lines and lifting and vitamin c is great for skin texture and tone . 
my kids love to watch the popcorn make !  !  the taste is also a lot better than microwave popcorn . 
while i had the phone ,  the rubber sheath protected it from a few falls . 
the others do not hug my legs like sausage casings after one wash . 
maybe i don t know how to use it properly ,  but my cats don t pay it much attention . 
wrong !  not the right size and fit smaller than expected . 
he said it did absolutely nothing for his skin condition . 
the trays are very easy to wash right outside with the hose or in the kitchen sink . 
this sauce pan is just what i wanted . 
i originally had given this style of spinner a pass because i could not visualize it working . 
the thermometer probe can help ensure meat is cooked to the right temperature . 
this happened while using the blue case ,  but they re the same exact product . 
i bought one of these little crepe pans . 
package and have realized that this product is probably worth about % of its msrp . 
with the kind of background noise i get ,  i couldn t use the jabra num_extend
these work very well and impressed my grandchildren . 
this is not the case and i will not be purchasing from these deceptive people again . 
every negative review about this game is % correct . 
just not my type of shoe so sent back . 
but ,  it works well enough when the electric one doesn t work for the can . 
the first one i lent my sister who used it to grind some cumin seeds . 
be warned this microusb cable cannot be used to sync num_extend smart phones to pc . 
this is already an unpleasant task without adding to the aggravation . 
tried cell phone ,  num_num different phones in the house ,  and a pay phone . 
basically like eating a piece of crunchy cardboard . 
exept that he s paper .  .  . i don t recommend this game . 
contains chemicals that may cause birth defects or damage reproductive organs .   don t waste your money on this mess kit . 
on and off with no problems and its not coming off until you flip the lever . 
we have used these in our toaster oven and they work great for a crispier pizza crust . 
this item is perfect for making a quiesadilla . 
it has a bad initial taste ,  and the aftertaste is even worse . 
it cooks faster than the teflon one i had . 
machine seems powerful as it has never stopped running while using it . 
the slicing and shredding blades are different as they are just flat discs without a dedicated stem . 
it is good quality and easy to hold . 
read the other reviews to get a good idea of what you will be dealing with . 
much better than my old shower curtain rings . 
i m looking for a new headset and there s nothing like this one . 
i don t know exactly what is going on but i can tell you i don t like it . 
rather than making battles more varied and more interesting ,  it made them all play the same . 
this hanes bra is what it is ,  cheap !  !  . 
the twin usb ports allow me to charge two devices simultaneously . 
now if the space would be taller for a larger mug ,  it would be perfect . 
we purchase all of our mobile phone cases from amazon . 
this product is amazing !  it came before it was expected and it is very cool . 
now to get a num_num inch shield for num_num inch . 
i ve never had my home churn go bad before it has been consumed  :   . 
the leapster and the explorer use diferent type cartridges . 
first ,  i should note that i kept the num_num lb . 
it is worth every penny ,  considering how much i ve wasted on ones that don t work from other companies . 
it had severe memory and birdnested sooninto its first trip . 
it would be nice if it were backlit ,  but it isn t . problem two is the reflection . 
plus i can see it from my seat without picking it up . 
i really thought these blades would be awesome replacements for my oem s ,  i was wrong . 
i checked the product closely and noticed the ingredients label listed flax seed . 
have hand washed it after reading other reviews of the markings wiping off . 
thus ,  the ctb design allows the player to select an action without time pressure . 
this measuring cup is really useful as most baking recipes require several cups of flour and often sugar . 
i started on the standard dose program ,  nothing . 
i m not above silliness but this was downright boring . 
this is literally a non foaming gel cleanser . 
it was gray and old looking ,  but it was not warped and still worked great . 
in order to crush dried bread into crumbs i have to run it for a long time . 
one cannot expect the world for this price . 
buy a zalman !  !  ! i purchased this chill mat ,  and it worked for a short period of time . 
you do not need to cover every crevice ,  just make sure to hit each quarter lightly . 
very clever ,  works well ,  and i love it !  . 
the texture is fine but this has a very odd background flavor to it . 
arrived ok and have been used many times already . 
i bought it when i got my htc sensation . 
my original carafe had an annoying leak that made coffee slowly dribble out below the rim when pouring . 
they feel solid ,  screw on easily ,  and seem to seal well for my purposes . 
i have used it in my car for several months without a problem . 
i like the color and the ease to remove it . 
the crust is pasty ,  the filling tastes totally artificial ,  and they are grossly sweet . 
i mean ,  you can t  feel  it with your fingers . 
it deleted my saved data all on its own . 
it does strech a little but for the price it can t be beat . 
i appreciate the advise of keeping it in the freezer so you can make ice cream anytime . 
it s one quart ,  so it s good for measuring lots of liquid . 
i have never set anything up on bluetooth and so i wasn t quite sure how to do it . 
i managed to shoot a couple pods across the room while trying to free them . 
comes in retail package like they say also with instructions . 
the earpieces are mostly plastic ,  with soft imitation leather padding . 
the wrestler creation capabilities were and still are the very best offering from any wrestling game . 
i always wash them by hand and let them air dry . 
some may like this game ,  but i sure didn t . 
i changed my rating from num_num to num_num this puppy is just poor quality . 
the thing is most likley num_num years old . 
i had preferred a larger one given the purposes i have for it . 
best eggs ever but pancakes and bacon do not cook even on this griddle . 
it works very well ,  fits like a glove and a lot less tha the apple product . 
and the deal was fast in the shipping and great price . 
the raindrops fall over your visor ,  when it s really hot your visor changes ,  or when it s cold . 
i am disappointed in this bra; i thought it would stand up to similar ones i had bought . 
if i ever remember to ,  i will try to update this comment . 
it twists at the clip and clicks into different positions in num_num degrees . 
this is a sturdy and very effective grater . 
as much as he has traveled with it ,  it remains unbroken . 
its taste good and its good for you . 
now it is out of warranty and the battery still doesn t work . 
i run honeywell filters in every major area of the house ,  and have been very happy with them . 
its great saving the counter space by not having a regular paper towel holder . 
i just got a new pair of short shorts for running and my thighs chafe a little . 
for example ,  one minigame involves dancing to impress the governor s daughter . 
moreover ,  $ dollars a month !  get outta here . 
i really love wireless stereo from my iphone . 
this product didn t really work from the get go . 
really like these durable white plastic lids for my jars . 
it is bpa free so i often store juice in it . 
they need plates that are removable ,  otherwise don t even consider buying it . 
green light means it is on ,  and it will flash blue when connected . 
whenever i am in need of a kitchen utensil ,  i usually look at the oxo brand first . 
its inside circumference at the elbow is only num_num inches . 
i bought this for my daughter who really likes to draw . 
this base coat is just terrible for my nails . 
wonderful for people like me who sweat a lot at night . brilliant and unexpected bonus !  !  . 
if all you want is extra caffeine ,  you d be better off just taking a caffeine pill . 
i plan on ordering iphone num_extend for me soon . 
although it stated this was for the phone i needed this battery did not fit at all . 
here is what i learned :  the discs work well in either one of the two dvd players we own . 
this product is a waste of money ,  work at all . 
good for the price but may not be the best choice depending on were your freezer is . 
i thought it was a rare defect so i returned it for a replacement . 
got it from amazon and that might be key . 
this is by far the best charger i have owned . 
and the upper left button no longer works . 
it has indicator lights letting you know it s on and when the charge is complete . 
for price and overall durability ,  the eco extreme is a keeper . 
and only num_num cards fit well in the case as bulky as it was . 
it is also wonderful for carving meats ,  with its long sharp blade . 
it just seems too heavy and they cannot cannot get it to make any noises by themselves . 
turned it on num_num hours ago and have left it on . 
these are very nice couplers for the larger decorating tips . 
the original droid was showing its age by giving us low memory messages . 
for example ,  the arcade version was a stretched out screen with the score at the top . 
but after only a few weeks ,  it will no longer seal . 
i went ahead and boiled water and poured it in the cup . 
i do not recommend ,  there s been more than a few family pets lost due to eating poisoned mice ,  unfortunately . 
i really like nongshim s fresh udon bowls so i figured i d give this a try . 
from the other reviews it seems that this doll is defective . 
it is very small ,  and can be stored sitting up between num_num other kitchen devices . 
and the material was not soft at all . 
it seems as though i was always filling the hand soap dispenser . 
i mostly now days play games and stuff on my dell num_num which as been upgraded some . 
i took it in the morning before breakfast and it made my stomach a bit queasy but tolerable . 
this was a gift and the person loved it . 
the size is easy to navigate while cleaning in the sink . 
it has gotten me through four turkeys ,  and an uncountable number of other large pieces of meat . 
the tag said num_num husky ,  but there was no way that they could be . 
instead ,  it lists all the features and expects you to put num_num and num_num together . 
be very careful to not get the liquid into the area around the button . 
heavier than store parchment and your spared the trouble of cutting a circle . 
i put them on my pies and the top crusts brown wonderfully without burning . 
it makes perfect  smashed  potatoes and any other root vegetables . 
also ,  with measurements ,  you can t be accurate if you re not quick due to the dripping problem . 
the graphics were not great but acceptable for a rpg . 
in retrospect ,  maybe num_num stars is fair but amazon won t let me change it . 
i haven t a clue how a company could release a product this horrible . 
came with instructions  not that it s that hard to put them on  ,  and they went on smoothly . 
don t buy it unless your life quality is worth no more than a few bucks . 
my biggest complaint ,  however ,  is that the lenses keep falling out . 
i just wishi could fit more of them in there !  . 
but it s easy to take off the empty and insert the new one with little leakage on the floor . 
think of it as if you were to breathe on a mirror ,  that s the kind of moisture you ll see . 
i bought the cybershot mainly for its size . 
she found it to be very uncomfortable ,  and pinched her in a number of places . 
doesn t work at all and takes forever to charge up  . only a paper weight to me . 
but for what it costs ,  i can t really recommend it as a a good value . 
too bad it didn t stay that way for long . 
you won t find a better case unless you want to spend a lot more money . 
i dont want to knock red storm down completely ,  but i play operation flashpoint . 
tech support could not even tell me what one of the two products was at fault . 
so don t buy this if you have the regular samsung galaxy s ii ,  because it will not fit . 
when buying though ,  just be sure to check you have the right model . 
if i have to ,  i will report back . 
pretty much the rule with mdf is buy for temporary housing ,  and leave behind as it doesn t move well . 
for the price and for what it does ,  it should hold up forever and have zero problems . 
i was hesitate at first because i was unsure of the size by the picture . 
it is perhaps not the best design for a larger breasted woman . 
not sure if this was a computer problem or what . 
it is phenomenal and i can recommend it as a professional tool that provides the best ironing results available . 
they need to be a more responsible company . philosophy :  ok ,  but very pricey . 
the phone case is cute but provides virtually no protection . 
it is greasy and after using it once ,  i threw it away . 
this works really well and is a great size for my needs . 
i have no problems with steam chatter or sweat sealing . 
item needed to be treated with mineral oil . 
i don t want to go through the trouble of returning it ,  so it goes in the trash . 
this case was classified as red and when i got it ,  it was a ugly pink ,  salmon looking color . 
if you do konad stamping i would just buy regular black nail polish at the drugstore . 
my cakes so far ,  have come out of it perfectly . 
my review is on the smell of the perfume . 
i bought these headphones looking for a cheap alternative for wireless bluetooth sound . 
this results in an increased production of free radicals under illumination . 
for myself ,  i cannot afford  nor need  $ of japanese steel blades . 
i ve used it for steak ,  rice dishes ,  and even such mundane things as tuna helper and hamburger helper . 
despite numerous vet visits  and tests  most of his inappropriate peeing is behavioral . 
they don t mention this in the ingredient list . 
the picture does not make justice to the product . 
i was shocked to see how fast the water came through . 
did not care for the difficulty to operate this mount ,  more of a hassle then it is worth . 
perfect fit for samsung galaxy s num_extend num_extend
if you like soft and do not mind looking like a slob ,  this is for you . 
the port of the mario num_num game is ok if you have never owned a num_extend
it fits very well and all side buttons are accessible . 
i m going to give the rest of the cartons to my mom; i hope she likes it !  ewww !  . 
very easy to pour sugar into smaller containers or measuring cups . 
used both brands on woodchucks ,  rabbits ,  and squirrels . 
never had a matte one before ,  and i kinda like it .  .  . it was a gift for my mom s new phone . 
although i have only had it for a month ,  i strongly believe i will enjoy it for many years . 
for most of my adult life ,  i wondered why anyone would spend hundreds of dollars on calphalon cookware . 
other than that ,  i m satisfied that i got a good product at a good value . 
this is necessary to let the air out but it also can blow bits of veggies around your kitchen . 
the part that plugs into the cigarette lighter is bent shaped . 
this gets too hot and does not even curl . 
its a shame because it was cute at first . 
have not had any problems adjusting the grind to what i like  which is fairly fine  . 
so bottom line :  it looks great ,  performs well ,  is well made . 
well i found i could get two burners over it if i used one side of my stovetop ,  i . e . 
we put off buying a new pair of long tongs for years because of our bad experiences with them . 
after blending for about num_num seconds ,  the motor blew . 
fortunately ,  i ordered from amazon  and not a third party  ,  so returning an item is easy . 
i bought these speakers because yamaha has a great reputation in making great musical and sound products . 
like the feel of the material and it fits just right . 
however ,  i cannot give a num_num star rating for a product that never worked . 
i start using the phone when i get up at num_extend and i usually have power left at midnight . 
also youcsn not beat the great price here . 
he chews cow hoofs ,  elk antlers ,  greenies ,  etc . 
it really is the perfect size and there are very few bread platters on the market . 
on a positive note ,  i do like the thick consistency and the pump dispenser . 
could have gotten the same tool for half the price from other sellers . 
overall he is very pleased with it and i m pleased that he s handsfree !  . 
had they been smaller they would have survived . 
a very big waste of time and money on my part . 
that could have been any number of things . 
these rca wireless connectors are okay for basic phone conversation over short distances . 
this was a constant fight to keep in position . 
somehow ,  despite hundreds of tournament fighters that will eventually hit stores ,  i doubt this will ever happen . 
only hitch is that it has a raised ridge around the entire perimeter that is a little rough . 
the most one of them did was drape himself across it and use it as pillow . 
on the hoover ,  both the cleaning solution tank and the recovery tank are external . 
i had two in originally ,  one on each floor for about num_num days . 
the only defect i noticed was the cover blocks the voice recorder push botton on the side . 
i put this fan in the window over the stove . 
to top it off ,  the left shoe is noticably narrower than the right . 
a ton of baking goes on in our household and this bowl is a huge hit . 
the only thing that has scratched the film is my knife which i now carry in my other pocket . 
the phones that use this connection are older and simpler model phones . 
had to refresh the liter more often ,  and it tracked quite a bit . 
i really like that the turner is the shape and size i wanted . 
hopefully ,  this skillet will now be one of them . 
this doesn t fit my samsung galaxy ii phone num_extend
just don t expect high end . the microphone has good quality and sensitivity . 
it is well made ,  but at least two sizes small for what the description says . 
after i used my mothers mixer i wanted one like hers . 
since i m asian ,  i love the tradition look and feel of this japanese knife . 
so it is great when preparing lunches for brown bag or picnics . 
recently i dropped my ipod touch on concrete and it cracked the screen . 
really . as for the quality and aesthetics ,  it s top notch . 
the grabbing end of the points is so small ,  the hairs slip away from them . 
so far the extra battery time has been great . 
cost me a lot less then buying coffee products for the free loaders at work . 
had an arc jump from this unit while i was attempting to plug a component in . 
i bought this monitor being mislead by high rating . 
this lens back focused anything but num_extend every after micro adjusting it . 
way to much upgrading you have to do for each class for every character . 
i bought these to replace a different set of pattern blocks . 
some brands are charging more than twice as much just for a tpu case . 
the software would not recognize the unit when hooked up though to usb . 
i have a pipe dream that the right carpet cleaner will restore the nap . 
hopefully they won t sacrifice their advantages in attempt to be more like iphone . 
i would avoid it at all cost if you have very curly long hair . 
just popped our first batch after this beauty arrived from amazon . 
i can t attest to this tool s quality or utility . 
i would use them next time i need to order something . 
too flexible and can really hurt your feet when walking long distances . 
these are well made ,  do the job ,  and clean up nicely . 
lastly ,  it is less expensive than other cordless irons that i shopped for . 
fits easily on my head and very light which is perfect because i have a active job . 
this bluetooth works great !  clear sound and communication is clear as well . 
i wish i could return them but too late for that . 
i leave it right next to the stove so i m not fumbling for a towel or pot holder . 
hard to clean and it is already falling apart after few tries . 
but again ,  i ve only used older android tablets . i love it . 
first of all ,  this is a very heavy sprinkler and is awkward to pick up and move . 
i like the red ,  it is harder to get them lost in the car . 
still i didn t feed it to them again and never will . 
have used it for coffee and almonds ,  and spices ,  and never had any problems . 
i boughtthis one thinking it was the same one as before ,  but it s not . 
i like it ,  and i use it occasionally . 
this is a very poorly designed coffeemaker which i did not expect from cuisinart . 
this can hold a substantial portion of chilli and probably the equivalent of two average bowls of cereal . 
i had a fixed thickness wire slicer that was fine ,  but this one works so much better . 
it really enhances the sound of the model two especially when connected to my ipod . 
i have num_num of these in the bathroom . 
one singularly annoying example is that it crashes every time you kill a particular monster . 
i finished ,  but with a lot of cheating and form so poor ,  i wonder why i even bothered trying . 
it has not given me any problems ,  and is really pretty easy to clean as well . 
to me it had less flavor in general and wasn t as cheesy tasting as the regular version . 
screw top on firmly ,  avoid using handle to tighten as it has broken for some num_extend
if you ve got ridges or bumps ,  it s not going to be able to seal to it . 
i was skeptical at first but this works very well . 
just not a great game ,  even accounting for the fact that it s intended for the youngest players . 
this one came broken and didn t make the noise when it struck something . 
batteries and charger num_num stars ,  kid num_num stars . 
i imagined my grandmother making bacon and eggs in a pan like this . 
i have a similiar one  not this brand that i ve had for over num_num yrs . 
the only thing i would like to see is an optional electric pump to go with this bottle sealer . 
works better than almost any other brand you would use out there . 
total peace of mind and connection to the outside world . 
a player can wind up punching in the wrong direction or attack his own tag partner . 
it does give it a  quick dry  layer . 
i wish i could use them ,  but will end up giving them to someone with larger ear canals . 
it s just awful in this area so this dual role is pretty much useless . 
there is an indicator light which turns green when the phone is on and red when turned off . 
the game doesn t take itself very seriously ,  which makes things even worse . 
i ve used it daily since and no problems . 
that was years ago ,  but my fascination for tropicals has never really left me . 
i will spend a few more bucks on the next one . 
i ve been using the plantronics num_extend since that model came out quite a few years ago . 
works just as good as battery that came with ohone . 
as i get older ,  lotions with spf sometimes don t absorb the way i hope they will . 
there are tons of apps and widgets in the android market . 
running on num_extend pentium on nvidia num_extend expansion pack runs slower than the main num_extend game for some reason . 
it s extremely tough and it reaches anywhere i need it to . 
the dirt cup is easy to remove ,  empty ,  and replace . 
one little feature that really impressed me was the ability to display the screen vertically  it s longer that way  . 
these are big and can a lot of stuff eg . 
still ,  i liked it while it lasted ,  and for the price ,  i think it did great . 
i probably would have liked these better had i not followed the directions on the package . 
i compare my self in front of the mirror with or without and there was no change . 
not having used pressure cooker before appreciated the warnings and useful tips on how to use safely . 
i took the plunge since i know that the quality is well worth the money . 
noted the thread are slightly different in their pitches . 
i wanted something that could keep it s support . 
when you set up the drier ,  just add a couple . 
i think i paid about num_num dollars for it ,  and i made a free shipping order . 
i miss that phone just thinking about it . 
why must so many childrens  games be so loud and annoying ?  great game sans the quacking of the ducks . 
the handle is solid and a good weight . 
apparently there are several different sets of mario figurines . 
the cables kept getting caught on the seatbelt and my coat . 
also ,  the cord separated from the seat with normal use . 
thought it would b bad but the condition was descent . 
you ll pass this one on to your grandchildren . 
if you are trying to lose weight or gain muscle mass ,  this product is not going to help . 
the fabric is not worth sewing back up . 
after a months ,  i just threw it out . 
have even used these to can with !  love them !   :   . 
i have arthritis in both hands and this was supposed to be easy gripping . 
some reviewers complain that the inserts can only be oused once . 
at first i loved this product !  it covered quiet well and was very moisturizing . 
i have small ears and couldn t find a bluetooth that fit . 
so i had to run out to my hardware a few blocks away and buy a coffee grinder there . 
that s a little drastic but that s the truth . 
very happy with the product and the delivery . 
i expected the parts to lock into place better ,  but i have not experienced any problems as a result . 
i wish i could even tie these around the duck so she has to work to get them . 
this pan has become my workhorse from breakfast to dinner . 
bizarre . the only thing that keeps me from rating this as a one star product is the the $ price . 
delivery was almost overnight with the  good guys  who i have already positively raved about . 
i m not sure how this compares to other garlic presses though ,  so it could be num_extend
it turned out to be one of the dumest games i ever played but chould not stop . 
the tint is pointless with this product because it blends into nothing . 
the lid is not dishwasher safe ,  owing to the components on the inside you don t want to damage . 
hope it works for you guys out there . 
afterwards i drained it ,  scrubbed it with a stiff brush ,  dried it and warmed it on the stove . 
now the pot works great obviously the chip doesn t hurt its performance . 
now here is what i found with all these case logic albums . 
this stick vac does an amazing job of picking up hair and pet dander . 
there should have been a way to turn this off in the options . 
i am back in the us and the phone still works great . 
the pulps are very very dry which means all the liquid are extracted . 
also if i take it regularly i do get diarrhea . not really sure if i should recommend it or not . 
i almost skipped this product due to the low price and what i assumed would be poor sound quality . 
she was extremely upset the ice cream would nt stay on the cone . 
before the wok arrived ,  i already received email on how to season the wok . 
i also use them inside because of three busy ,  jumping kitties . 
i don t see it being obstrusive at all at a buffet table or on the dinner table during convo s . 
this is the worst squad game i ve ever played . 
i removed the barrel and used the supplied spanner wrench to remove the threaded cap that secures the barrel . 
then i just use the paper towel to spread the oil very thinly . 
this is all you need for cooking and home protection . 
i m so pleased to find these little bags since plenty of things are better suited for small packages . 
it is quite big !  don t just use the picture ,  think about what num_num quarts looks like before buying . 
they could not care less about their customers . 
my daughter is num_num months old and takes this toy apart every time she plays with it . 
this product was too good to be wasted . 
can t say i blame her for not advertising her name well on this one . 
these tools are made of high quality materials ,  and they look very nice . 
also has a carbon water filter to make coffee taste great . 
i again tried to set the clear plastic tube into the tray while holding the trigger with my thumb . 
i got this one for my mom on mother s day and amazon shipped it out quick . 
you ll need it to clearcut your axillary forest . 
and by sealed ,  i mean likely gorilla glued . 
bad quality and didn t last very longbad quality and didn t last very longbad quality and didn t last very long . 
the silver tab on the stem that seats into the carrier however is a piece of junk . 
and honestly ,  i really cannot recommend anything else . 
fireworks popcorn is the best popcorn to pop in it !  !  . 
there are better products out there for the same price . 
this came with a carrying case and it looked very impressive . 
do not waste your money on this poorly made tent . 
i was raised with one from the num_extend
my first of these died in one year after modest use . 
i would have chosen to give this watch zero stars ,  but that wasn t an option . 
make sure you know its not large ,  only num_extend the size of your laptop screen . 
the way that it seals yet lets are in when drinking is not a good design . 
i ve had very few complaints from others about hearing me . 
purchased this model for a friend and it was nothing but trouble and was returned . 
this is a heavy duty quality device except for one thing . 
in mission mode you do different missions ,  but once again they are very repetitive . 
if you are looking for abuzz or the caff affect ,  this isn t the one to do that . 
the tea tastes great but it didn t increase my breast milk . 
i ve used this dish for pot pies and au gratins ,  and it s wonderful for both . 
vendors on amazon often try to rip us off . 
it has a robust coffee taste but you need to imagine the kahlua . 
you already know that this knife is unlike any other you ve seen . 
it has a  warm  setting ,  which is handy . 
no matter how careful ,  tiny bubbles are visable when it  eventually  dries . 
i use metal utensils with them and so far ,  no scratches ,  no problems whatsoever . 
it s worth spending more to get something that actually works . 
i was so surprised receiving my panda silicone jelly skin case cover within a few days of ordering . 
gamespot said it all :   infernal embraces style over substance ,  resulting in a dull and repetitive shooting experience .   . 
i d rather be overweight and enjoy my food . 
my only complaint is that it s bigger than necessary . 
buy the meat grinder attachment ,  and you can prepare your own groud beef and sausage . 
i have not tried to tell it to call brother; yet . 
they wash well in the dishwasher and like i said ,  bake phenomenally . 
this charger is amazing ,  but if you want a charger that holds even more ,  go for the icarrier . 
the impact cracked the lcd screen of the camera and ruined it . 
the cake slices neatly ,  producing slices that look pretty on the plate . 
i like these knives in the kitchen as they have fairly sharp ,  thin blades . 
i almost returned the headset because i could not get rid of it . 
when i went to strain them ,  the weight of num_num qts . 
this is a wonderful set for basic cake decorating ,  pretty much everything you need . 
there were only a few whole pieces in the bag and a couple of crumbs . 
now that i have experienced this knife ,  i m looking at my j . a . 
okay i purchase this product on feb num_extend num_num and it came in the mail feb num_extend
after doing some extensive research this is a common problem . 
while i didn t need this much .  .  . it s useful around the kitchen and house . 
i ve had no problems with it ,  it s a workhorse . 
thought they would actually seal but they seam to be doing the job without the air tight seal . 
don t buy ,  not worth your time and money . 
this battery pack has served me well many times . 
wish i could give them no stars on this one . 
the pancakes you can make with these rings are almost too cute to eat !  and ,  too easy to use . 
my steamer basket fits perfectly in the bottom . 
there s a reason why corelle is the gold standard for dinnerware . 
they d fold over sometimes and there d be grounds in my coffee . 
if you re looking for a great paring knife ,  this is it . 
in between those two ,  i purchased the black and decker . 
my three year old son got this toy for christmas and has hardly touched it . 
i definitely notice a difference when its time to be replaced . 
they were previously on sale at cosco @ num_num for $
this protector was not user friendly ,  does not cover phone screen , also doesn t stick like it should . 
however i did condition this after marked and was blown away . 
even if you did enjoy another variety of the same product . 
if you never had a headset speak the settings and power level then you re missing out . 
don t be fooled though ,  it stinks on ice . 
it s an aesthetic thing really . but i really do love my knives and the weight of them and everything . 
i tried this out ,  twice as per the instructions . 
i had just bought a new coffee and i was thinking it must be stronger of something . 
the stone crock and glass lid is dishwasher safe and actually fits in the dishwasher . 
i liked the fabric because i thought it would not cling to whatever i wore over it . 
despite the smell ,  i still gave it a fair chance . 
and so ,  then ,  wouldn t lie flat at its edges . 
it s light weight ,  but does a fine job . 
i was mailed the wrong battery and i need to send it back . 
the handle portion unlocks and leans just like on a vacuum ,  making it easy to navigate around . 
wost game i have ever played for xbox by far . 
a more nutritious food will mean they eat less and poop less . 
unfortunatley he was affraid of the wiggle worm and didn t want anything to do with it . 
we love the fast pumping action and the quick brake stop feature . 
making an adventure out of a racing game ,  and the format they gave it is an excellent idea . 
the lid doesn t seal well and i used the pan to bake some cheescakes . 
it don t even try to charge my phone any more ,  but rely on this charger to keep me powered . 
waste of my money ,  but only in regards to my cat . 
like i said i do not like rpgs and especially this one . 
they are always falling out of my ears because the buds are always too big for my ears . 
it shuts off then goes back on then shuts off repeatedly . 
the ability to mount it on the windshield it ac vent is great and both worked well . 
i had to use a screw on every single one . 
none of my family can open or close the zipper easily or sometimes at all . 
this is the second one that i ve had because of such an issue . 
my only complaint with this small appliance has been the static that s produced any time i use the mill . 
i love the option to transmit music num_extend
disappointed and duck is now buried somewhere in the yard .  .  . not work the effort to go dig it up . 
this was expensive and did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes . 
this product is highly recommended for lowering high cholesterol ,  and may prevent clogged arteries to a degree . 
i ordered the biggest size and i m not sure even a stick figure could fit into it . 
i used it several times and when im done i just put in my van door for next time . 
i ve used that for num_num years or so and it does work . 
we bought it because our krups started making lousy coffee and then ,  one day ,  i broke the carafe . 
i use this almost exclusively to bake bread . 
pull cord ones get tangled or rotted cords . 
i have curly hair and this is just awful for it . 
if it was quick and easy to navigate then the first song thing wouldn t be so bad . 
i followed the instruction but noticed no improvement in my feet . 
crystal clear picture ,  the fine audio through my stereo system fills the living room . 
the is a handy little brush that gets into the crevices for sweeping out the coffee grinds . 
i use it for packets of sweeteners but i m thinking of ordering a second one just for tea bags . 
i just got the peeler and have only used it once . 
found out that it is num_num years old . 
this skin is definitely worth buying and for this price i d say go for it . 
well the graphics are good ,  but that is not everyting . 
second ,  the bird was done significantly sooner than i expected  and i usually have the opposite experience  . 
i would never recommend this product ,  and i can t see how anyone is . 
responsiveness of the phone is quite good and it almost never lags  slows down slightly when installing apps  . 
i had really high hopes for this game . 
now this isn t the case ,  since i got both in one . 
this case was described as fitting the num_extend and it does .  .  . mostly . 
if you own the num_extend num_num coolpix digital camera ,  you will be thrilled with this custom case . 
i bought this to listen to football play by play while watching ucla games in the rose bowl . 
this product did not work for my dog . 
but when i wore them to work today i kept feeling like the right side was off . 
this years article states duracell procell as the best alkaline battery on the market . 
i can t see how this game gets such a high rating .  .  . i think it is for kids honestly . 
i would ve liked a little more fizz to it ,  i consider it just lightly carbonated . 
the nail polish is super thin and drips everywhere because of it . 
without one it s a touched up num_extend jaggies and all . 
it s very heavy too and hard to move around on the carpet . 
it must have left the shop in this condition . 
just a few brisk cycles on the microplane ,  and you have very fine zest . 
i have pets and a toddler and usually have the carpets professionally cleaned once a year . 
this phone case was a good price and it is made pretty well . 
probably works with others but thats all i have tested it with . 
the nikon is on its way to ebay . i would strongly advise not to buy this camera . 
they all work and do what s expected they were just a nit shorter than i thought they would be . 
otto box created a slimmer version ,  i was happy about that it does protet your phone . 
the heavy granite is perfect for bashing peppercorns . 
while it tastes good ,  it did nothing for my cold . 
some were so bad you had to squeeze the same piece of clove num_num or num_num times . 
i ve tried a variety of sugar free products and had high hopes for this jello brand cheesecake pudding . 
this product is useless and takes way too long to charge my phone . 
single punch ,  kick ,  throw ,  and tag buttons are dished up on a skyrocketing discomfort level . 
i feel as though i should write an ode or even a sonnet to this can opener . 
stop when they are soft peaks . we like these much better than the yeast versions . 
i looked for an appropriate stovetop pot to do so but couldn t find any on amazon . 
it cleans easily and the holes are just the right size . 
if you need a lot of power ,  get this product . 
it worked great for my motorola droid razr since purchase in july num_extend
when it arrived i was disappointed the documentation and  how to use  info was not more complete . 
carrying them is light weight and clean up is a breaze !  . 
when you open the iron there are two self tapping screws on each side near the hinge . 
we will try to make up our own rules and see what we can do but otherwise quite disappointing !  . 
it is small enough to fit in a closet underneath my blouses . 
love the new color !  i only use fiesta ware dinnerware !  . 
the main thing is for you to do your research and buy what you think is best for you . 
it is heavy and therefore i assume durable . 
house is bought and rack is up with lovley calphalon pots and pans glistening from the ceiling . 
all chinese made dog treats  or people treats ,  for that matter  are dangerous and often deadly . 
i was afraid of rust in the steel mesh but none so far . 
we have no trouble connecting via bluetooth and the sound quality is amazing for such a little box . 
i purchased it specifically due to our incontinent beagle . 
didn t shed fuzz on like some butcher s string does . 
however there might be people who like realism more than fun and if so this is your game . 
he didn t pull very hard but it was enough to make him not want to go forward . 
i m hopeful that having such information will help me determine the optimal location for the humidifier . 
i just corrected it accordingly and it works perfectly . 
this is a little stand i can take anywhere it works as advertised and it just looks nice . 
but i don t have this problem with other cables . 
this was given to us as a gift and it is conceptually a great product . 
work well for bigger bags . the other clips from oxo i ve reviewed are better for all around use . 
i finally tracked down the only possible culprit ,  which is this product . 
juice more than omegai personally prefer breville because its speedy . 
this is a nice heavy stainless steel percolator that looks classy and classic . 
great and easy product for the samsung galaxy ii . 
the one thing i do have to complain about is the lack of instructions lol . 
whatever that means ?  i did move the content of the package around before opening . 
it really isn t hard because of the awkward layout of my yard . 
this dryer rack is practically cheap and serves well for its use . 
i was in the market for a new stand mixer . 
i couldn t think of anyone to give these to ,  so i am returning them . 
not this time . because of its awful design ,  we never played it . 
also ,  the thing didn t stick to dashborard either . waste of my money . 
i bought this charger to use ,  specifically ,  with my nexus s num_extend
but it is more expensive than it needs to be . 
it may be something to do with the design of the head set . 
once the bag system is empty the entire unit will be tossed . 
however ,  the books are kind of boring without the sounds .  .  . so ya just can t win with this system . 
you ve got to get the schedules right to be a serious contender . 
this should have been fixed before being released . 
that must not be comfortable for my cat to step on at all . 
works perfectly and as described you can remove the insert which allows it to fit with a phone cover . 
no most of the time ,  it is just too much aggravation so i use the old hand crank one . 
and they ll eventually learn how to better pack these tiles . 
i had to go over each space a couple of times for this sand to get sucked up . 
i think they look really nice and he likes how a num_extend can of sprite fit in them . 
youl have to take the phone out of its case before you can use these items . 
the motion sensor works well so anything trips it off . 
the only thing this would do is keep the back of the phone from getting a lot of scratches . 
it is still shiny ,  and looks relatively unworn . 
i bought this as a replacement for a much cheaper unit which i gave to a friend . 
i like my body the way it is ,  thankyouverymuch . 
like all whisks can be difficult to wash . 
well that s the last i saw of him . 
the shipping was almost as much as the proudct . 
no great strength is required as with other models ,  just the ability to turn the handle . 
you will need the extended battery cover for the motorola bionic because it is thicker than the standard battery . 
the case is nice but i m not a huge fan of the fit . 
my initial thought was that it had slipped its mooring but it actually broke . 
many planer type graters dull fairly quickly ,  this one is still sharp . 
cannot place entire blame on hogue as other weapons might be more compatible . 
i love this peeler and worth the price . 
now ,  is this the end of the world ,  no . 
now ,  i refuse to buy them at all . 
i just wish i could see the results they were raging about sooner . 
use sally hansen s honey wax with cloth strips . 
i think this times is so convenient and pretty accurate . 
well they replied that they were sorry and i just got a new one in the mail . 
now i can make cookie dough days ahead and bake a bunch of goodies all at one time . 
there is no way to accurately measure oneself for a cervical collar . 
the last shipment that amazon sent to me was with the product past it s best before date . 
like everyone has said ,  its a beautiful looking game ,  but thats about the best part . 
coffee is hot ,  carafe pours just ok ,  but this is my second ,  i had the last one for years . 
wide mouth is adequate for light duty jobs . 
i really wanted this to work ,  it s exactly what i wanted . 
they are basically half granola ,  half gooey coffee tasting crap . 
you can pick each cereal with your fingers like a penny and it feels hard . 
annoying to say the least and thank you amazon for being so amazing and taking both headsets back !  . 
not wrapped in plastic or any type of packaging . 
so i believe this cable is a good deal . 
the blue part has held up but i would not buy this again . 
attractive iphone case that s sure to get noticed . 
i think i will sell it on ebay and get a num_extend
i guess if you are looking for an annually disposable item this will work for a while . 
this pan is a good size for making homemade spegetti sauce and it cleans up easily . 
just right for short visits to the camp site and i need coffee to keep me awake !  !  . 
those who are health conscious might want to take note of this . 
clean up is a breeze because it s dishwasher safe . 
my shipment from amazon arrived securely packaged and unbroken . 
i feel these give me the best of several different ways of using the bluetooth stereo . 
but they just stop working after about two to three months . 
the stuff is heavy gauge ,  thick ,  yet flexible . 
i will contact amazon to see if anything can be done . 
i changed the filters and the problem just continued to worsen . 
i couldnt cast this without it tangling and casuing a bundle of line . 
the num_extend was braun  given as a gift  and that poor baby didn t even last after num_num months . 
they are nice to use ,  balanced i suppose ,  and the rubber grip helps too . 
this is the worst tea kettle i ve owned . 
i started with the pre made bags so was unsure about the rolls . 
they did come individually packed but they did not smell that great . 
the phone was too big when i put it in my pocket and could battery use a cover . 
i only wish i d bought these when the num_num for num_num offer was available !  . 
i tried in on three different types and colors of carpet . 
it does cover the screen well but not in the matter i wanted . 
note that this is not an ear bud ,  like most of the bluetooth headsets i ve seen . 
i disagree completely with the reviewer that says it has a hard time opening small cans . 
never worried about runninig out of batteries while i have this on me !  charges quickly . 
sits level in my sink ,  and the feet are sturdy . 
big enough for bigger than average irons ,  holds the ironing board fine . 
if it s around your neck ,  the clip is in the way . 
too long though for me i might take it or modify it . 
it wouldn t be untrue for me to say that the kitchen is my least favorite room in the house . 
we don t have a grand chef s kitchen operation running at our house and for us ,  these are great . 
you collect the keys by passing the linear obstacle courses obviously . 
niagara s return policy says they only accept returns in unopened ,  original packaging ,  so i guess i m stuck with it . 
that isn t even the biggest problem with it . 
other reviewers were right here .  .  . after a few months they start to pull the hair  went dull i guess  . 
i ve heard so many great things about this product ,  i couldn t wait for it to arrive . 
after reading the ingredient list i m not so sure . 
got this as part of an offer with a blaster rifle  which is awesome ,  btw  . 
and to top it all off it can be used as a mediocore phone . 
i picked this tip up inmiss vickie s big book of pressure cooker recipes . 
i ve had several bluetooths and a few wanna be bluetooths ,  but this motorola is by far the best . 
this one will take some time to season ,  but it s a nice ,  thick ,  high quality replacement . 
i like to put a little cheese on top while frying and it does a great job . 
i was happy for it to be out of my house ,  and no longer taking up the space . 
the toy smells great but my american bulldog tore it apart in minutes . 
be careful with the plastic clip ,  as is you re hard on your belongings ,  be extra careful with this one . 
i bought this beautiful and stylish ice bucket for my home ,  but it would make a lovely wedding gift . 
my husband and i made our first batch of venison sausage and it was easy and delicious . 
while there are some really nice improvements in the design e . g . 
a spare charging cord is always a good idea ,  and this is a bargain . 
coffee and getting tired of the burned coffee taste from any coffee not consumed soon after brewing . 
when the pastry starts to stick i just scrape it up and dust a little flour under it . 
other than that though ,  it s an excellent buy for the price ,  and my tea has never been better . 
so ,  this num_num cup holds more and does the same excellent job of separating the fat from the stock . 
however ,  i ,  personally ,  am much more concerned about the acesulfame potassium ,   a . p .   sweetener in this product . 
the music control buttons may not work for all phones . 
once you have one ,  you can t go back . 
it s easy to use ,  compact and it comes in black which matches my kitchen wonderfully . 
if they are crappy they will strip the screws . 
bought a few of these for the usb charger portion . 
i thought the phone was outof warranty ,  but on calling nokiausa to see about getting it repaired ,  it wasn t . 
the only difficulty i had was learning how to snap the bottom and top parts correctly into place . 
but i would be interested in a pancake maker along the same lines . 
it is a little larger than i thought ,  but that s actually a good thing . 
when i took this product i had restless nights and bad dreams . 
as much as i wanted a longer cord ,  this isn t it . 
this is one of those times . pros : it is built well ,  i will say that . 
very disappointed .  .  .  .  . will cost almost as much to mail product back for replace or refund . 
i thought i was going to like this iron but it wasn t worth the nothing i paid for it . 
next time i ll travel i ll just purchase the calming spray . 
you ll never have to worry about the metal handles ever coming loose . 
i haven t tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up ,  too . 
amazon needs to fix their wizard; this makes me hesitant to purchase other auto parts from them . 
i hope the smell is great as well .  .  . havent gotten it yet . 
god knows how much more you will have to spend to fix the issues this stuff creates . 
first ,  the lid does not line up with the base . 
and thats where we really stand between ratings . 
when mine arrived by ups ,  the lid was rattling around and i thought right away ,  oh well ,  it s gone . 
a great deal !  again ,  i wish i could exchange it for a case to my num_extend
for the price i don t think there is a better case on the market . 
i m really disappointed to learn it has oats and barley in it . 
i had to have this device because of the dual keypadding operation . 
it works well ,  but you loose the availability of the other outlet . 
found the serial cable to be much more reliable than this horrible piece of equipment . 
so i can t tell you if they will hold up in the dishwasher . 
if your device uses usb power to recharge . 
for what you get ,  it is a little expensive . 
mines out in the garage all busted up and useless ,  including extra polishing stones . 
i have not received full refund yet from vendor . 
i only got the ipad cable i didn t receive this one !  i totally forgot about this one . 
he ran it around the house and then outside ,  but within about an hour ,  the remote stopped working . 
sorry you need to heat the water before you put into it . 
didn t have time to mess with it ,  left for work with a not charged phone !  . 
the picture showed num_num and the description didn t state how many were actually included . 
took forever to get here from browne food service itself . 
oh this little machine ,  i love it so much . 
i followed instructions for using the light brown . 
we can get by with the smaller unit and it s a heck of a lot easier to store . 
you guessed it ,  the pans still brown as evenly and clean up as easily as before . 
the phone inductively charges fast ,  probably just as fast as using the microusb . 
mine is set a couple notches up from the lowest setting and it is the perfect sound for me . 
the lids that screw on and off with the glass ones just seem to function better and easier . 
maybe she ll even use it to cook something !  . 
i have a yorkie and it didn t help at all . 
i do find the glass to be a bit unwieldy . 
but does not connect to my mac steadily ,  which needs frequent restarting of my mac . 
it doesn t take up much space and does exactly what it should . 
makes me miss my evo num_extend a little less  :  thanks for reading .  .  . again !  . 
i have other wusthof classic knives and they are high quality . 
this is an easy indication of a poorly made filter . the warming filter is pretty cool . 
that electrical wiring can also carry a lot of noise from electrical appliances and even from light dimmers . 
not to mention that my rueben now comes out perfect . 
the only downside is recharging through a usb . 
i bought this and ruined the first num_num by getting dust under them . 
nothing sticks and clean up is a breeze . 
this adaptor fit my num_num gallon porter cable shop vac hose and extensions perfectly . 
the sizing as far as the length was fine ,  but the top was way too tight on my foot . 
they did a good job and are very inexpensive . 
bought this to help get rid of a horrible smell in my closet . 
it is super soft as well  see uploaded photo  . 
same with veggies ,  which do not seem to get soggy . 
most users will want to use an ac wall charger with a usb cable . 
while cleaning up after meals ,  i find myself smiling at how effective this little device is . 
it messed up my brownie s too  !  !  !  yuck .  . im going to stay away . 
it moves air around just fine ,  though it is somewhat noisy because its a box fan . 
it was blue with a white ring around the bristles . 
so ,  canon will not be warrantying this for you . 
some people ask me why my reviews are ranked so high . 
i used this headset num_extend for a month before finally giving them back to the hub to return them . 
it has been working so well for many years now . 
offers interchangeable covers ,  so you should be able to get a nice fit for your ear . 
i should have used some common sense prior to purchasing .  . it just seemed like such an easy item to use . 
just ate it for dinner tonight and boy was it completely unimpressive . 
i loved it since i got it in october . 
when i opened the door to get out ,  the phone fell a good num_num feet down onto blacktop . 
this is a great knife for those intermediate chefs . 
not the cheap kind i was expecting and find in local stores . 
make sure that you double check the size of these . 
purchased this to serve as monthly maintenance for my dog . 
so i am still stuck with a total broken items . 
used to have a similar model that we gave away to our daughter a few years ago . 
i love beef jerky ,  so i was really looking forward to these ,  but i was so disappointed . 
two of out num_num of them work just fine ,  but for some reason one of them didn t work . 
it s a fiber laxative ,  not a candy bar . 
and for good reason ,  they don t stay on or last with the toy . it s unstable and the wheels don t roll . 
perfect headset for the road and the price is worth it . 
it works with many products to send your music via bluetooth . 
the other parts seem more sturdy too but the pot handle is still fragile . 
the container is easy to clean in the dishwasher . 
i ve tried less grounds ,  coarser grinds ,  you name it and it doesn t seem to help . 
this pan is gorgeous ,  if a pot can be gorgeous . 
the only caveat to this is that it only appears to work when you re talking . 
this was square ended and a fairly tight fit into the grove . 
it also felt uncomfortably tight in some areas and too loose in others . 
they worked fine on my num_extend ipad mini and my iphone . 
also ,  has a bit of a chemical aftertaste . 
if you buy this item it will last you around num_num weeks . 
but there were a couple of pretty places with some nice graphics ,  that is the only positive . avoid . 
this is classic white ,  just the right size for utensils and i love it because it is so handy . 
i have this headset connected to my macbook pro and iphone . 
i don t give a rat s patootie for gourmet snobbery . 
it fits the hand well and is easy to use and clean . 
i have all the colors available for this phone . 
it seems to have quite a bit of sediment . 
it is pretty heavy and it looks nice ,  i bought the num_num peice set . 
i had one image slightly higher and one slightly slower than the other . 
i am very disappointed what a bummer because zebras and bling are my favorite thing . 
after that ,  forget it !  !  burn failures galore . use another brand . 
they each have the same missions except for car parts . 
then it turns into a white ,  flaky powdery coating . 
you could not see the kale or carrots . 
if your main character dies ,  the game is over . 
i have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one . 
buying this device right now would be foolish . 
we have cooked takikomi gohan in this rice cooker and it also came out great . 
wait until the jedi fiasco is figured out ,  too . 
i just attached it to my backseat headrest with about num_num inches of slack . 
i couldn t believe how much hair and stuff came off a seemingly clean carpet . highly recommended . 
i called amazon and they did issue me a refund . 
so it will likely not receive the weaker nws signals . 
i always felt a little uncertain when attacking stains like this with a towel or sponge . 
blad came unsharpened and will not hold an edge . 
hopefully with next updates there will be support for more languages . 
my pork loin was still really warm and the soup was warn but not as much . 
after washing this shirt ,  it shrank way too much . 
if you want to listen to nothing but bass beats ,  buy this now . 
now before you start screaming at me ,  i like racing games . 
in addition ,  the food needs to stay at temperature . 
the feeling you have is like applying any other oil . 
wine server looks great and ends the drips !  what a great hostess gift for the price . 
overall ,  i wouldn t be able to use it for anything . 
you use plate num_num and num_num together if you have a devie only with innocel extended life battery installed . 
not a single thing that i am not happy with . 
i might return them if they will take them back . 
these aren t large glasses ,  just the right size in my opinion for a bit of scotch . 
don t worry ,  we are only talking millimeters here ,  but i was originally expecting it to just  sit on  . 
there is little to clean afterwards as a simple rinse does the trick . 
i don t want my child eating paint of any kind . 
i was really bummed ,  usually i use energizing teas as a pick me up . 
first ,  a big thank you to amazon for providing this forum . 
num_num year warranty . died in num_extend well versed in it equipment . 
the sound is great ,  i love the voice commands and i listen to music sometimes as well . i love it . 
i will not buy it again when it breaks and don t recommend you buy it now . 
the phone won t go into the mount with a bumper on it . 
if i was seeking an alternative protein to whey and i couldn t eat pea then i d look at hemp . 
it still is a good buy for the price but simply not taht elegant . 
it s compact and built rather well ,  imho . however ,  the poor battery life was quite surprising . 
cant close it and listen to music because it always shuts it off . 
so i thought i would give it a try . 
that one quit working num_num days after i got it . 
they seemed to hold up well in the dishwasher ,  and they served their purpose well . 
i had my daughter buy a pair of the smaller size and we traded . 
you should also know that this headset can only be worn on the right num_extend
great price well made ,  very cool external charger . 
this is impossible even just by imagining it . 
a buddy has one that is probably a num_extend or num_extend model and it still works fine . 
the kids love to push this handle down . 
i am very happy with these pans ,  they are very sturdy and thick . 
sleep is still impossible and so is functioning throughout the day . 
i made an indian dish tonight that called for a grater such as this . 
also ,  the headphone jack cover has torn slightly ,  but it s not something that is that big of a deal . 
ideally ,  try before you buy . the switch on the left lets you turn the power on or off . 
not only are our carpets cleaner than clean ,  all of our surfaces are spotless . 
and unlike other gadgets ,  this gets used at least num_num times a week . 
i almost forgot that part !  there is nothing remarkable  or disappointing  about the call quality . 
definately not the appropriate size for a full size air rifle or firearm . 
the trick is to soak the container and to place the dish in a cold oven . 
we don t need girls trying to be like lohan at the age of num_extend
these earclips fit nicely around the ears and perform that function well . 
my wife and i use it all the time . 
i purchased a couple other peelers during my quest and i was very disappointed . 
the handle is available online for something like $ so if it ever breaks again ,  i m not too worried . 
much bigger than i expected ,  but it is wonderful for carving large cuts of meat or whole turkey . 
the idea behind our decision was that it would help him learn the concept of cost . 
i really wanted to like them ,  but i will never purchase them again . 
i bought the num_extend fry pan and the num_num qt . 
also the character is so slow in almost everything he does ,  running , changing weapons ,  stealing cars ,  etc . 
they are in ear with extra sizing gels for your comfort . 
if i were you i wouldn t pay more then $ for it . 
my only disagreement with nina s review is a minor one :  i don t object to the mill s looks . 
this makes it much more easier to fit the guard screen perfectly over the face of the phone . 
this case did not want to stay on my phone at all . 
after playing it i was kind of dissapointed . 
i purchased this product about num_num years ago . 
they were bitter and just not good for a soup base . 
i got it on sale for a little more than num_num dollars and it was a steal . 
planned on cupcakes on the side at our daughter s wedding . 
it is perfect for steaming veggies and also for steaming dim sum  delicious !   or whatever your heart desires . 
have to wear shirts over them and these bras don t really flatter . 
it really is a quality case for that price . 
if the mandoline blades weren t sharp ,  it wouldn t work and consumers would be dissatisfied with the product . 
i m under num_extend but it will not stay closed even when tied . 
it s one of the weaker green teas you ll ever drink . 
i think for the money it is a good product . 
they are gluten free and they travel well . 
and nothing is worse than biting into a raw piece of potato . 
the cushion measures about num_extend thick ,  but when placed in the chair it s effective depth is much more . 
the door also gets hot but not as hot as the top  the door is insulated  . 
i will have to check the valve two or three times to get a proper read . 
on my end ,  the voices came through clear and loud . 
it did not feel smooth on my eyes at all . 
i was very pleased with them always have . 
bought this to replace my red ryder after the cocking lever went out after many years of use . 
i was really surprised at how easily this knife cut food . 
i must have been doing something wrong because it did not work at all for me . 
i have used the serum for over a month now . 
i tried one of the think thin creamy peanut butter gluten free bars . 
i selected this unit due to the low cost . 
i was desperate to find a cure for my oily ,  large pore ,  acne prone skin . 
this case was very poorly designed ,  my advice as a galaxy s ii owner is not purchase this case . 
an that is when the game gets better . b  quests aren t many and are not fun . 
the matt itself doesn t provide a lot cushion . 
with a spray of canola oil in each cup ,  they came out easily and perfectly shaped . 
it s not like other phone cases where it s kinda difficult to snap the pieces together . 
my wife was craving cheese fondue so i shopped around and decided on this one . 
i was very happy with it for a few days . 
all one needed is paiance and to follow the youtube videos on line . 
i have been using alterna caviar antiaging volume shampoo with seasilk for years . 
so ,  i would simply say that tastes vary . 
i purchased the silver unit to go with my new harmon kardon soundsticks . 
gets cold fast and ice cream in no time . 
i did everything possible that was not hardware invasive ,  you name it . 
then flip ,  turn off the heat ,  and cover for num_num minutes . 
the tail is ok and i will use it . 
i like the ease of connectivity for bluetooth . 
i bought a couple of these chargers for use in our company vehicles . 
costing me about $ or so . don t trust belkin at all now . 
it won t sharpen scissors but it is a whiz on knives . 
my husband had to use crazy glue instead because the screen kept popping out . 
tried several adjustments ,  just couldn t make it work for me . 
the construction of the case was excellent and provided a ultimate overall protection . 
they informed me of a known issue with the software and told me to download a patch . 
i have heard other people have had success with it but we did not . 
what are you going to do about this ?  ?  ?  also ,  instructional dvd has no video . 
during a frantic holiday baking exercise  my wife making treats for friends  ,  our wire whip got misplaced . 
i replaced with sigma and couldn t be happier . 
but after applying this makeup you can see them clear as day . 
i did turn up the source volume but the hissing sound is still bad . 
it is impossible for those molecules to penetrate the skins surface . 
the new one needs num_extend no problems in over num_num years other than it has developed a humming sound . 
the old formula had leaves on the bottle and left my hair soft and light . 
i use it more than this hot air popper because it pops a serving size that suits my needs . 
so i can use bt when sitting at my desk . 
i bought the utensil holder several years ago and it is long gone . 
fedex ,  ups ,  or usps with tracking  is highly recommended . 
i have the napkin holder ,  the paper towel holder ,  the spice rack and i needed something for my fruits . 
i researched this teakettle for several days prior to buying it . 
this pitcher has turned out to be better than the reviews i read . 
at num_extend with autofocus ,  i would say this might nearly pass as a digital camera replacement . 
stay away from this unfinished game there are better . 
these units do a very good job of cleaning the air . 
once you open the box ,  will find a device much smaller than what you thought it would be . 
big deal ,  it doesn t work either . it will not work with voip phone systems ,  at all . 
i wish you much luck and hope it does . 
the recipes in the book are wonderful ,  so i would recommend following them for getting perfect results . 
the paints colors are light hues at best . 
just let go and let the hay fall where it may . 
i really like them and they complete my set of stainless measuring cups . 
that seems to fail the basic measure  nice pun ,  right ?   of the product . 
it makes my iphone easy to spot when searching for it at my home . 
i ve tried other fm transmitters and they didn t do as well as the jabra . 
now the set is here ,  i have to say that it was packaged very well . 
this includes cars that came with toy and other small cars we ve tried . 
buy a different rc instead ,  this one is only fit for trash day . 
i get that level of compatibility with my num_extend
i keep a treat block in it so he has a reason to venture inside of it . 
the headset simply beeps in my ear ,  and i click it to take the call . 
however ,  after pairing it with the phone ,  i immediately heard it signalling that the battery was almost dead . 
plug also works as usb charger for other devices  with usb charging cables  i . e . 
i really like the convenience of the case . 
i looked at the otterbox choices ,  but in the end i m glad i got the griffin ones . 
i always sort of though a stylus was a waste . 
it has enough power to blow the walls down or hear all at a whisper . 
the mirror is great ,  love the clock ,  but the light will not stay on ,  so don t count on that . 
the plantronics backbeat num_num headset has some real advantages for the listener and they are comfortable in many ways . 
battery was at a good price that i bought num_num for the other replenishphones that i have . 
the eq isn t custom ,  so you are out of luck if none of the presets work for you . 
that can be awkward for the turning process and placement of the bowl . 
they did a fine job getting the pedal to me across the country . 
i m nursing a num_num month old baby ,  and i can t be eating teflon unknowlingly . 
i am very happy with these drawer dividers . 
and the taste wasn t all that great ,  and the texture was more chewy than it should be . 
i ordered my normal size and they are strangling . 
the problem comes when i need to remove it to place in a charging or playback cradle . 
i can probably purchase different sized ones ,  but it really hasn t become an issue yet . 
i was hesitant to purchase another since a lot of my processing was done by water bath these days . 
the blossom style is lost and it is very distracting . 
this stuff is so good ,  can t believe it . 
from what i read about metropolis street racer i expected a solid racing game with speed but got neither . 
however ,  the other cable did not work on my num_extend lcd display num_extend x num_extend
i can t believe i waited this long to get my own kitchen aid mixer . 
a few days later ,  the other side followed right along . 
protects well the phone and the front screen . 
there s not that much to say ,  is there ?  this dough blender works perfectly . 
there was a nice chili taste ,  not too strong ,  and a clean lime taste . 
we ve been avid campers for over num_num years ,  but never really got into cast iron because of the weight . 
we were looking for something easy to use ,  with dials instead of digital . 
one of the best purchases on the amazon site so far . 
i m sure it has potential with other cats though but i regret buying it . 
when i saw that amazon carried it ,  i was thrilled . 
but i didn t really understand until i got another bread maker which has all the bells and wistles . 
in my opinion ,  the game is not playable in its current state . 
it s cheap and you never have to worry about using too much data . 
my foot slides side to side in them . 
it also looks very firm and strong ,  and its the right size for me . 
i have had other brands which tasted better . 
of course ,  it s great for other clothes too and my drapes never looked better . 
these have no funky taste ,  or after taste ,  but i think they are quite plain . 
i liked the other one because it was small and just fit in my kitchen draws . 
this makes it easier to install and set up straight . 
i have been using this product for about a year now . 
beth hilson should be spinning in bette hagman s grave . i am a highly experienced baker . 
the band adjuster broke ,  ,  didn t some of the bands i wanted to adjust . 
to my satisfaction each popped kernel was big ,  fluffy and flavorful . 
the pen will be very easy to lose ,  as it has no way to attach it to my iphone . 
knives are in full view ,  so you can pick the right one the first time . 
i should weigh it ,  because it has to weigh at least num_extend
my mom bought the same vac about same time from q and had same issue . 
i love cashews ,  but emerald sea salt and pepper cashews have too much pepper on them for me . 
we couldn t even swallow that first bite blech . 
i tried science diet ,  which worked but she didn t like it very much . 
the gadget separates the fruit from the rind and removes the core with each turn . 
it spreads easily with a pastry brush ,  keeps cake from sticking ,  and there s no sticky residue . 
with an oxy pad ,  you can literally see all the dirt and gunk on the pad after you re done . 
stop !  do not do that !  this game is a horrible waist . 
we have always used handheld mixers and when they died we would just buy another but were never happy . 
a little bulky compared tp other camera phones like num_extend
the num_num inch really is perfect for my family of num_extend
this is a nice ,  small ,  inexpensive hub with clear instructions . 
i find this item fantastic for serving home made cakes when having firends for dinner . 
was just what i thought it would be . 
its minimum bottom size for pot is num_extend num_extend in  . 
this is a cool item for the fun hearted cook . 
i realize how absurd it is do get so excited over a cell phone charger . 
he keeps bringing the toy back to me for help . 
just remember when you get them that there are two sides to these protectors ,  and you ll be fine . 
long drives and use my phone tremendously ,  gps ,  emails ,  package tracking and so one .  . thanks a mil . 
this breadmaker is perfect for making those loaves to share among our num_num person family . 
maybe she was being polite ,  or maybe she really liked it . 
usually i would have to power the range expander off and back on ,  then reboot my pc . 
i purchased this saucepan so that i can start making homemade marshmallows ,  hot fudge sauce ,  and caramel sauce . 
i ordered num_num for my phone and will order more if needed in the future . 
bought this phone because it was advertised as new . 
you can also use the single button but the taps take less concentration for me . 
to the rubbish with frozen dinners i suspect . 
being big isn t so much a problem as the machine sits on swivel base making access easy . 
it s far superior to any other electric kettle i have ever owned . 
i just left this pot to boiling with potatoes in it and forgot about it for too long . 
it was like it literally changed the texture . 
this would also make a great knife for cutting baguettes for service . 
that s not a good way to get a reviewer on your side . 
i even double checked the ingredients because i thought aspartame or some other fake sweetener was in it . 
i believe it s about num_extend thick and probably weighs over num_num lbs . 
put the double bag into the middle of the leg ,  grab both ends and shake . 
instead of just picking events you want to play ,  you have to drive around to the one you want . 
this is my third external charger and it is definitely the best . 
the products are tiny and labeled  sample only not for retail sale  . 
i m so glad i purchased it plus it has a num_num year warranty !  . 
i needed a new spatula to use in the kitchen . 
we have four different kinds of kitchen scissors . 
there is absolutely no reason to put it in food and nothing that contains it should be considered healthy . 
this came in a totally different color what advertised and the fabric was thin and cheap . 
trust me ,  you don t want to pay money to be an unpaid tester of alpha quality software . 
with this fine mesh strainer you can fry bacon and then save the grease for frying eggs or whatever . 
i have both the num_extend and the num_extend
i started the program ,  and it locked up my computer . 
i was looking for a case that was functional as well allowed me to use my phone . 
love the simple pattern on the front and back . 
i love otterbox products and this one is no exception . 
my music cuts out so badly that it sounds like . 
it s made of flimsy nylon like a halloween costume . 
i thought they d go for these as they love the microwaveable mac and cheese . 
i am used to rail mounted bi pods and this is my first bayonet mount . 
even my husband had difficulty getting them out . 
apps that the  app store  fails to offer . overall ,  the phone is very smooth . 
for the money ,  i think it is one terrific little mixer !  the num_extend does not splatter . 
a full pot made two and a half good size cups of coffee . 
it is difficult to manuver around a nose with this short little trimmer . it is very easy to clean . 
over and over . it is a shame that a game this much fun is so difficult to play . 
each shape when cut is will fit with room to spare on a ritz cracker . 
they make quick work of trimming fat from foods . 
however ,  after one wash in cold water ,  they will barely fit a two year old . 
this works so much better than using a flat baking sheet for making french bread . 
i m pretty sure the num_num hour batttery will last between charges since i don t drive long distance much anyways . 
it is worth the somewhat higher price ,  no questions asked . 
killed some ants ,  but some were just running around in the dust . 
looks like other people had the same problem . 
they are heavier which is nice and again ,  look great !  . 
the water doesn t seem to flow on its own . 
this looks like the classic candy thermometers from when i was a kid . 
this is an excellent hands free device to use in the car or anywhere you need them . 
kind of strange since it states the size in the product description here . 
i am told it worked for another year after it was put on . 
we narrowed it down to either cast iron or stainless steel . 
i didn t think too much about it until i washed washed her and sprayed it again . 
this one didn t split when i cranked down on it . 
i ve only been using it for about a week now . 
this kit contains the basics for every kitchen :  chef s knife ,  medium knife  vegetables  and a carving knife . 
my unit also included the gold tone filter which eliminates the need for paper filters . 
it has the two qualities that all cooks demand :  it s easy to clean and it s durable . 
if you have an old phone or pi ,  this is a great choice . 
for me ,  it really didn t help smooth out fine lines at all . 
the whole thing is quite heavy empty actually . 
i have a stainless steel sink and this looks good and the suction cups adhere well . 
i love corelle ,  they always make quality products that last a long time . 
i cannot eat it without sloshing down plenty of liquids . 
i opened the console ,  i liked what i saw . 
so far we ve used it on apples ,  pears and potatoes . 
i absolutely love their caramel syrup and pancake syrup . 
i like a bold ,  robust coffee  particularly the new orleans coffee with chicory or french roast  . 
i wish that the handles were deeper or perhaps had folding handles . 
arrrgggghh . also the num_num would lose lock all the time when running in even moderate tree cover or heavy clouds . 
and another side note :  don t use condoms unless you have to ,  that s what always gives me yeast infections . 
this is exactly word for word ,  comma for comma ,  dot for dot . 
as an avid cook ,  i try to upgrade my small appliances when they have served me well . 
boy ,  these protectors couldn t have arrived at a better time . 
do yourself a favor and don t waste your time . 
we get this message saying shortcut not available on this phone . 
the larger ones sometimes have the neck snap so i thought this might be the answer . 
not at all happy and initiating a return . 
the recent ones seem fragile . so ,  we are switching to the stainless steel french presses made by another company . 
holds razor in place firmly on our tiled shower . 
no just one bottle but two in the same day . 
they seem to disappear on their own ! at any rate ,  i recommend these guards . 
now perplexed ,  i got out my measuring bowls and poured two quarts of water into it . 
this is apparently a listing error by amazon . 
so i dumped the hose several times for warmer water . 
i like the way it cooks food ,  it is easy to clean and i have used it often . 
you have to hold your nose when you take it . 
i think it requires at least num_num months of use to see any noticeable results . 
i weighed exactly num_extend lbs more than when i wasn t holding the dumbells . 
creamer gets thick and yummy when it s frothed ,  btw . 
popped out the old batter and put this one in its place . 
the price was good at under twenty dollars . 
i had one for me num_extend num_extend  ,  htc one v . 
it would be nice if the list of messages spoken by this toy was listed in the description . 
add a filter to the chemex  multiple layered side toward the spout  ,  prewetting it with some tap num_extend
this unit lends itself well to simple cleanups . 
this can be tiring and sometimes ,  depending on what you are doing ,  a bit awkward . 
just don t let it sit too long in hot skillet or you may ruin the edge . 
we actually made garlic powder from the dried garlic and wow is that ever wonderful . 
the cutter would slip out of the groove and leave uncut spots along the rim sometimes . 
i paid less than seven dollars for mine two years ago . 
and the bright red color blends well with my other le creuset spatulas . 
the gloves are great ,  if the seller is a reputable one . 
the rods were so warped that they wouldn t go through the holes . 
it s not worth the money and doesn t seem like it ll protect a phone at all . 
perhaps kitchenaid was having problems at one time in the past . 
i don t know how i could ever go back to living without it . 
by the end of the standing time it was cooling off and wasn t cooked . 
i ve got decent manual dexterity ,  but i found that this install was very difficult . 
have made num_num or num_num meals in it since i received it . 
by reading it ,  i thought i was getting the dispenser and a refill . 
we do not use the included seat belt strap ,  which was much too short . 
this thing drains its battery doing absolutely nothing . 
plus ,  it s  so far  survived numerous trips in the dishwasher . 
sturgeon s law states that % of everything is crap . 
so far i ve made a couple batches of carpacio and of beef jerky ,  and it s worked great . 
many gel brushes are nylon and acetone will melt frizz and fray the bristles . 
a vast improvement over an old crazed saucer ! flo philips . 
the power button on it didn t line up properly . 
we all know the obvious flaw and the most annoying one is the battery life . 
i don t understand how something so simple could go so wrong . 
num_num star is too much credit for this horrible put together . 
this works well to extend the battery life between charges of your iphone . 
if that did it automatically ,  it would be perfect . 
do this with all your vacuum s and they will then perform as anyone would expect . 
by christmas it ll have much more use and i suspect a better rating . will change it after longer use . 
they do cut down on the night allergies . 
i just thought i d like a new shiny stainless steel percolator for the kitchen ,  which i did get . 
will be replacing all my old glass this year !  love this product . 
please don t waste your money on this toy . 
i ,  personally ,  didn t like the music in the game ,  so i turned it off . 
simply tapping the dust with the tape should be enough to remove it . 
i purchased this cream ,  and the box advertised that it would tighten skin and fade brown spots . 
i like the size and portability but if it doesn t work then i can t use it . 
i might add if you tighten this unit too tightly it leaks . 
i realize that a lot of people say that will ruin my knives but i really don t care . 
no complaints from folks on the other end . 
i told him ,  and now he s even more ticked at me . 
does nothing to protect phone ,  rubber was warped and only a cosmetic item . 
luckily ,  i was able to return it to the store for a full refund . 
this simple trick ensures that you are heard clearly . 
the quality is great and none have ever failed . 
you have a brief moment in a tank that controls like an awkward mess . 
i cannot say enough good things about this little gem of a grater . 
the stick ends up banging and marking up the walls . 
it s like putting a water on ur hair . 
granted ,  it only works with the xbox ,  which is somewhat lame . 
i was expecting better ,  keeping the good netgear reputation in mind . 
the only good aspect to these candy bars are that they are gluten free but they do contain soy . 
the first was a workhorse that lasted almost thirty years . 
it s important to make sure the basket is seated all the way with a click . 
i use it to grate hard parmesan cheese and then refrigerate the remaining cheese in the grater . 
the foreman grill never really resulted in anything that was much better than microwaving . 
with my other case ,  i feel my phone is a little more safe . 
we also used to have a nonstick all clad frypan that we threw away after two or three years . 
this is a great product ,  and i just wish there were more color options . enjoy !  . 
more expensive than the plastic models but this is far superior than the cheaper ones in every way . 
removing the lcd is tricky ,  but maybe i was just playing it too num_extend
this set is the perfect one for baking !  i would definitely recommend this set !  . 
the only way it would be usable in my household would be to create an enclosure for it . 
not all boxers are the same as ea would like you to think . 
i would never have ordered it if i d know this . 
sorry kitchenaid i hope you read this your product sucks . 
i ended up buying a more expensive international voltage straightener . 
the food in the oven picks up the smell . 
i had one before but don t know what happened to it .  .  .  .  .  . maybe i gave it away by mistake . 
it s large enough that i can make burgers for the whole family at one time . 
i just make sure that the batteries are pretty much toast before i charge them up . 
if you re like me and want a little caffeine ,  avoid this tea . 
not sure that s even legal . anyway ,  when i took the cover off my watch ,  it started working again . 
num_num days ,  no internet for the wired or the wireless computer with this router on . 
the suffering is also scary ,  but not like silent hill num_extend
if you want to spend money ,  by tauma oil instead . 
it has gotten wine out of dresses ,  carpet ,  you name it . 
i m not a huge fan of the reflectivity if i m going to add a screen protector . 
being that the mug s interior is plastic ,  you will initially get that yucky plastic smell . 
when you re on your horse ,  the camera recenters to what seems to be a large angle toward the sky . 
i had to take a heavy grinding wheel to make it sharp . 
been going to get one and just put it off for a long time . 
she still has it and it works well . 
i purchased this food because i have num_num cats ,  and they were throwing up a lot . 
i had to go get a special shampoo to get rid of this greasy look . 
i played true crime and it was soo much better than this . 
it spans spring and summer ,  no problem ,  so it is versatile . 
to me its just dumb to waste money on headsets when you have a good one for cheaper . 
it was always too much work to roll out the dough ,  before . 
they are great no more toughing and taring the shower curtain . 
this case is great !  it provides great protection ,  access to the ports ,  and looks good doing so . 
i did ,  however ,  expect it to have been made in the usa since it s a lodge product . 
i boil my water ,  throw in my leafs and strain out my tea . 
you won t get the brown cake bottom or anything stuck to the pan . 
best purchase i have ever made for my kitchen hands down . 
ordered another for my wife off the standard pages . pros :  no animals killed in making this product . 
i ordered the dockers dark marl assort for my brother . 
this is not good for spices as they will not keep well if the container is not sealed . 
it s comfortable and really does a great job of noise canceling . 
the chest was tight and then neck didn t need any adjustment at all . 
i am glad i tried it because it is now a staple in my kitchen . 
this is extremely sharp ,  i took off several layers of skin and i felt was a bump . 
this product smells terrible and it worked about as good as products from the drugstore . 
this caddy does exactly what i need it to do . 
i am not sure what more can be said . 
since ,  i have an aversion to using a knife . 
i think all the hard floor kit allows it to do a better job of drying the floor . 
left side has no spots at all ! a note on price :  i noticed the price on the serum fluctuates significantly . 
they do not have the poky parts to the squish balls . 
if you want to try this game ,  wait until it hits the bargain bins . 
none of the num_num i received were the same as the item pictured . 
i received this as a wedding gift ,  and was excited to use it to broil salmon . 
the meat is very tender ,  but doesn t disintegrate . 
i expect the red marking to soon disappear making it all but impossible to read too . 
i only use powdered sugar on top of the castle cake . 
but neither can anyone else !  !  !  so it works really well . 
every once in a while i ll try to tolerate a bottle again hoping i change my taste . 
i work at a game store ,  and see more used nba lives ,  then i do cars on the streets . 
this thing is strudy and has an airtight seal . 
i had no issue with peeling them off either . 
i purchased this kettle two years ago for $ here on amazon and have used it almost every day . 
the fit is also nice when just sing the stock battery . 
these definitely did not hold up for num_num months of wear . 
for some reason i have never bought anything else . 
i gave up waiting for windows phone num_extend
the usb cord is working well with my phone . 
once it overheats it begins to turn itself off and back on . 
i love being able to make the bath deeper with this gadget . 
i like the way it looks so much that i leave it out on my counter . 
i have put it down several times ,  waited a few weeks ,  picked it up again and tried once more . 
very disappointed but will keep to wear around the house . 
it s going to be very disappointing when i come home later . 
my biggest compaint is that there is no midrange . 
at under ten bucks ,  it s a great deal . 
i m not a coffee drinker ,  but my wife is . 
i purchased this on sale to have an external charger that could charge my ipad . 
this griddle is nice and heavy ,  the surface is perfect . 
this is a great product and does exactly as it says it does . 
easy to refill and i never have problems with the filler opening up while i am grinding . 
the wi fi worked perfectly ,  the volume was perfect . 
dry on the stove with heat for a few minutes . 
they are ruined after num_num use no matter how careful you are . 
fast too and i like the waterproof feature . 
i guess i will just leave the cabinet door open when in use . good luck if you buy this . 
find something you truly love and buy that . 
after my first try ,  i got the knack of it and am pleased with the results . 
i rarely make poor purchases ,  but this one was a turkey . 
they arent solid colors as much in person like they appear on the site . 
if you intend it to round out your kitchen utensil collection ,  then it is great !  . 
wacoal really works for me ,  but it costs so much more . 
also ,  i don t have any medical condition ,  just dry hands . 
definitely worth a look if you need a case of this type . 
make the lines under my eyes even worse . 
ive only had my blender since march num_num and it seems i too am cursed with paddle issues . 
except for the shirt being too long before washing it ,  it fit okay . 
at the moment there is no video chat software available . 
i found it easier and faster to just set the primer yourself . 
if you love long segments of nothing but talking this game is for you . 
she loves it and had to have one too when she saw me using mine in my suv . 
it uses a proprietary battery as well . as far as games go ,  take a look at the release list yourself . 
it made my hair feel like disgusting !  like straw !  my hair has never felt so nasty . 
i only used this for bringing our puppy home and one trip later to a pet store . 
problem was that the human had to hold her finger on it  no off and on switch  . 
it did not make me feel any happier or joyful . 
easy to clean and the lids fit easily without any struggle . 
when i drilled the holes very slightly larger everything worked and it still seems really solid . 
so right away i put this battery to the test . 
i came to my senses; it s time for a change . good service by amazon and good return policy . 
the unit was charged ,  but suddenly deaf to my dog s dulcet tones . 
we have sprint ,  so that should say why we don t have a huge boost in signal . 
the accuracy of this num_num piece set of measuring cups is excellent  vs . 
the suction is great and the hoover cleaning solutions perform better than any others i ve tried . 
i used these on clean dry skin too . 
i will either return or give this bra away . 
it is because you don t have to think for yourself !  its a  wham bam thank you ma m  ideology . 
it is sturdy ,  if the suction plate is properly sealed so it does not move . 
the skimmer is also very useful for soups to take out chicken or any other meat . 
so go figure  !  or just stay away from it anyway . 
the num_extend it turns out ,  had a broken corner . 
i could of become a chef ,  but i don t like the hours involved . 
this made my normally straight ,  thick hair a frizzy ,  matted ,  horrid ,  tangled mess . 
the overall construction and material quality is very poor . 
the shoe is narrow at the toe and runs short . 
the ability to stream music and audio from your mobile with the calls is great . 
the hoover handles both ,  my rug looks fresh and new each time i vacuum . 
it does keep your skin moist ,  but it doesn t correct anything . 
i ve run it through the machine a few times and it came out clean and without any issues . 
i d recommend a rowenta iron which i used to have . 
but you shouldn t have to thin out a brand new tube of mascara to be able to use it . 
this is my num_extend one in as many months ,  and it s just for one iphone num_extend
i did some research online and found mostly mixed reviews . 
i owned this phone for about a year and loved it . 
everyone fights together as a team in a team . 
i ve had one of these for years and i would not live without it . 
lol we figured it out pretty quick ,  but then found out the bottom light ,  which is led is faulty . 
it most certainly will not work with all hot wheels cars . 
perhaps my dogs got a bad batch ,  but i m not buying this brand again . 
i have not used it because the cloth stripped the moisture and oils from my gun slide . 
it s a cute idea but did not last . 
i am even happier because now i get the smaller one to myself ,  to make normal home baked goods . 
i end up using a jim dunlop capo to pull bridge pins out . 
it has a clear screen protector that does not interfere with the touch screen . 
however ,  we will be looking for a better machine . 
i d give this num_num stars if it truly made num_num cups . 
i use them as light dish towels ,  cleaning and polishing cloths ,  etc . 
love the smell of the cologne so i wanted to give this a try . 
i bought these in the shiny black color . 
it has a couple of minor quirks that annoyed me at first until i got used to them . 
i honestly cannot believe you like the sound on these . 
i thought these would add a personal touch and they did not disappoint . more like understated elegance . 
i have the blueair num_num and have to say it has been a godsend . 
full charge with the ac adapter takes num_num hours ,  the usb cable takes num_num hours . 
warranty on box says lifetime actual warranty is one year . 
when you read the solution ,  you don t go  ah ha !   you go  what the heck ?   . 
i was surprised to discover than my mac s usb port also doesn t charge my phone very quickly either . 
i used it once then threw the rest away . 
bought it at target ,  so looked forward to using it . 
don t know if it is the battery ,  or the ups itself . 
i bought num_num of these fans because of the reviews i have read here . 
i can charge my phone and friends  phones from my backpack in the middle of class . 
i read the instructions ,  where i often do not ,  because i have a lot of respect for sharp blades . 
it is a great case for the iphone num_extend and ,  in my opinion ,  worth more than the price . 
it goes in the garbage with the ruined meal . this particular design is a perennial for many reasons . 
plasma concentrations of lysine and arginine were assessed at the beginning  baseline  and end of the study . 
the red pictured here is not at all what the dishes look like . 
i had to give up eating them because they kept choking me . 
first off ,  let me say that the unit was extremely quiet and looks nice . 
it is of a hard type plastic and slick so it is easy to clean . 
rat on cat on nat on ant on mat . 
any casting class will be killed over ,  and over ,  and over . 
and the best thing is it doesn t take up any space on my counter . 
i just thought it would be much bigger . 
im a passion fruit addict so i pretty well know what tastes better and what doesn t . 
i would highly recommend this item to anyone who wants a quick and easy  power broom  . 
it s a bit noisy ,  but i read the other reviews and knew that when i bought it . 
all i ended up with was a new pan with the same machine never working right after that . 
i could probably reverse my suv over this bottle without even cracking it .  .  . it s that solid . 
it s one of my favorite cereals . then the aftertaste caught me . 
great price ,  excellent protection and the thing fits perfectly without being super bulky . 
the bialetti is made out of aluminum ,  and coffee is ready in num_num to num_num minutes . 
i contacted the seller and wanted to return this product ,  and seller responded quickly . 
with bananas thrown into the most basic aunt jemima mix ,  i found the waffles required a bit more time . 
i remember as a child ,  my father ,  who was a chemical research scientist ,  installed the whole house culligan system . 
i ve used the product for about three years now .  .  .  . it s not like this is a season that s different . 
it is cheap enough to not be worth returning . 
i have yet to find something i cannot cook perfectly in addtion to panini sandwiches . 
i actually don t use this phone anymore ,  but i still have it . 
it gave me a feel of a knock off product . 
the taste is bland and awful ,  i am not sure . 
find a better one that meets all those criteria  if you can  . 
i took it off the charger about num_num pm that night . 
it is slide to fit the iphone perfectly . 
i have purchased this product from a local retailer and the product does work . 
this is more than their recommended amount of one squirt . 
the slipper is attractive and fits to size . 
also some friends who know i bake have been giving me cake decorating gifts  so sweet !   . 
this made my hair gummy ,  greasy looking and flat as a pancake . 
what else can you ask of a soup bowl ?  . 
i can t give it num_extend because the cords it came with are a bit unreliable . 
he is a bog pup so i was looking for a larger bone for him . 
if leapfrog could improve on the  green go  button ,  it would be much better . 
a good alternative to the fancy high dollar ones . 
even though there are hardly any cashews or cranberries in the first one . 
i m sure it was listed somewhere on the page ,  but i missed it . 
it is so much better than the microwave popcorn . 
it always flattens back out but it s really a pain in the ah hum to use . 
fyi ,  those of you with square burners will not like this one . 
the fabric under the foot did not provide enough support . 
the only good thing is that it leaves your skin smooth but i don t think is worth the trouble . 
that makes it hard to store ,  so it s best if you have space to leave it on the counter . 
unfortunately i can t order it any more due to amazon switching from fedex shipping to fedex  smartpost  . 
during the natural bacterial fermentation process of milk or cream ,  lactose is converted into lactic acid . 
the camera itself may seem cute but the images are very low res . 
i like mine with a little fresher ,  slightly rouge effect . 
i think this leads children to become bored with it quickly . 
it was very traumatic to say the least . 
this mixing bowl has a good grip on the side perfect for whipping ingredients and is extremely sturdy . 
i cut on it pretty much every day and it does not seem to dull my knifes at all . 
i like that it comes in different colors and patterns . the problem is that it s horribly uncomfortable . 
my cakes have all come out of this pan easily and the markings have been beautiful . 
it quickly installed and updated and walked through driver installation on xp . 
the formula in the bottle i got off amazon was this sticky white gel substance . 
my wife uses this and she feels a razor is better than this product . 
i love the shape of the mouse and the fact that it s wireless . 
i ve enjoyed cake decorating over the years and now my daughter is getting into it as well . 
now i forbid my mum from touching this pan ,  and she regret ever since . 
but it just never stays snuggly in his ear . 
but if you re particular about your coffee grind ,  save up for a burr type grinder . 
in fact ,  i already have and my friend did buy one . 
have had a few ladies at work order them as well . 
as for the taste ,  it is very very fishy  and not a good fishy ,  more of a rotten fishy  . 
this is large enough to accomodate six large boneless chicken breasts that are butterflied . 
the clean up is fairly easy ,  recommend using dawn dish soap works great . 
it advertised that it contained no high fructose corn syrup . 
first ,  let me say that i don t have a problem with the sharp corners; i want them that way . 
they are wood with colored paper covering the wood . 
i ve tried the recipes in the book and also made gluten free cones with great success . 
i really urge everyone to stay far away from this product if you value your cassettes . 
as if i put gel in it not a foaming lotion . 
the case is sturdy enough construction ,  and does not feel cheaply made . 
i had issues with that before and was relieved to see that it fit . 
each shelf is rated to hold num_num pounds and i can easily believe this is accurate . 
you ll need : a bowl for mixing and a spoon . salts . 
it isn t a big deal but when i cook certain items ,  the angle is a bit annoying for flipping . 
it is very sturdy and easy to clean . 
are we pros at scooping ?  i d say so . 
i had this cage for my gerbils when i was less educated about them . 
my advice is unless you love these kind of games i would just rent it . 
unfortunately the motor died after a few months . 
will still melt away in your pasta or risotto with ease . 
i was told to return it to the pet store which i did without any problems . 
must line up meticulously with charger unit to num_extend
i don t know why people like to have colored num_extend players . 
i tried this file in my old curve num_num and it worked flawlessly . 
i never thought i needed this kind of cooking tool . 
it really adds to the overall effect !  great buy !  . 
even a light spray of flavored oil on your salad or pasta is a pleasant change . 
can t go wrong in the kitchen with this brand . 
i don t think you ll be disappointed if you buy this . 
it was the perfect size for my daughter s samsung phone . 
it does seem to falter a bit ,  and also the game is not the best in control . 
i do use dish soap on my cast iron from time to time . 
and the other places ,  well that will never happen . 
file the ends of the stamper lightly before first use . 
this is the only item i ve ever purchased that she can t manipulate well . 
i was only able to complete one wheel before the product was in three piece on the asphalt . 
i have exactly two bottles ,  a bar of soap ,  and a razor . 
very good quality and has been protecting my a while now . 
the rubber outer shell is horrable it seems to keep trying to come off . 
the good side to this product is that it smells nice . 
i think the curve on each arm rest needs to be a bit deeper . 
the illuminated keyboard seems to be the exact same size of a bold s ,  only it becomes available when needed . 
but then so is fruit of the loom . 
i wish i could say such about most of the products i buy . 
the material is easy to clean and has a secure feeling to it when holding a handle . 
i will post my results if they turn out !  . 
i finally stopped wasting my time and money ,  and bought this one again . 
i give it num_num stars since it is such a good food for cats . 
a friend had her home remodeled forcing her to take her family s laundry to laundrymat . 
i really can t even get an idea of what s behind me because this one in particular ,  keep moving . 
the sound is pretty good the first time around ,  but then it just starts sounding tired . 
but this thing rocks !  we microwaved half a mug of milk for about a minute ,  reaching num_extend
i even tried replacing the fixtures they were in . 
i have a samsung num_extend with an outter box case . 
but i have to say that i was very pleased with it . 
i decided to go out and buy a microwave instead for under $
we couldn t add enough salt and pepper to mask it ,  and it s salty enough already . 
not sure why these are labled  banana  because they have zero flavor of any kind . 
after lots of experience discovered that you get the best results if you gently rotate the grinder while grinding . 
the lid is well designed and is very easy to pour  better than the old one  . 
the lid is constructed very well and fits tightly . 
they also will not draw on the tub unless the side is completly dry . 
i tried these in sub num_num degree temps and all they did was make by boots uncomfortable . 
aside from a few typos ,  it is accurate . 
i make my own yoghurt and this was a boon . 
unlike most single ear headsets ,  this one allows you to pause and restart audio . 
so i sent it back to them after a crash had broken a part ,  again paying for shipping . 
eh ,  skirt is really short !  top is an odd fit . 
they threaded it ,  so opening ,  closing ,  and cleaning are a chore . 
all buttons are easily accessible and you do not have to worry about the headphone jack . 
super easy ,  looks exactly like the picture ,  stainless steel so it stays looking nice . 
i really ,  really wish i could write a good review for this game . unfortunately ,  i can t run it . 
it met my expectations until it stopped working after six months . 
the only reason i did not give this num_num stars is the holder . 
if you ever buy nail tek make sure you get the bottle with the brush .  .  .  . much easier application without waste . 
save your money and spend $ and get a higher quality product . 
i must have read more than % of the reviews on amazon about the product . 
this one has all the in between measurements and clip on and off the ring easily . 
i ll stick to petsmart so that returns are easier . 
i glued it back ,  and it worked for a while . 
it even performs beautifully in the oven  try skillet cornbread  . 
this amazon price is a great value given the quality of the pan . 
enter the newest contestant in the ugly pageant . 
i have almost nothing in it so its not like its stretched out causing alot of pressure . 
i like the color alot but the flip flops dont look the same . 
the screen looks great and digitizer is responsive . 
the metal is thin and cheap ,  bending easily . 
the new trent battery then indicated it had minimal power . 
and wore her teeth down in the process ,  blunting them . 
it has active noise cancellation that blocks out some of the background noise . 
but anker personnel did give me a full refund when i contacted them about my problem . 
but instead of a nice pot of coffee . 
the reviews on this were so varied that i hesitated to buy it . 
this inefficient  sifter  is probably best used as a toddler s sand toy . 
i thought that having it so cheap to make at home would be great . 
i can t put my shoes inside ,  it s made for just feet . 
but it is proving to me a good investment . 
other than that ,  the price is the biggest con . 
there are also quite a few firmware bugs ,  but some of them did get fixed with newer revisions . 
the weaved end is big and clunky for any note taking app ,  so the search will continue . 
i opened them all up to check the functionality of them ,  and unfortunately only one of them opened flawlessly . 
i expect they will ignore me and i ll probably never see it again . 
there are hardly any ties to or trademarks of the series . 
upon first shot the whiskers flew out of the biscuit . 
it s nice ,  but there are others that protect just as well without hindering the hardware buttons . 
the applicator is good ,  however  pointed tip ,  no brush for random bristles to stick out  . 
it does not leak at all ,  and keeps coffee hot all day . 
this spatula is very flexible and thin allowing you to easily get under an omelette without any difficulty . 
i have one for sale if anybody wants it . 
anyway after some time i finally got it together and the cabinet itself is nice and roomy . 
same thing happened love it when i spray it on then within minutes it s gone . 
i made num_num qts in just a couple days with this and would be lost without it . 
i shopped around and was thinking of buying an electric percolator when i came across the farberware yosemite percolator . 
these chopsticks are very well made and have a very nice finish . 
great protector and doesn t pull my hair while on the phone . 
this way your screen can t make contact with a surface if you set your phone face down . 
as far as knowing how well this item performs ,  i have no idea . 
this waffle iron is the best !  i get nice ,  brown ,  crisp waffles every time . 
it came apart the first time i used it . 
great penetration on both g and a however security was a necessity . 
it says no where on the package to spray the pan . 
they did into your legs and leave marks and a swollen lump in your leg above the sock . 
do not buy if you expect actual big crystals !  !  . 
all come with spatulas to scrape them down . 
i don t use it as much as i thought i would . 
bough her a num_extend which she much prefers . 
if you own any other system ,  get it for that one . scoregraphics num_extend num_extend num_extend num_extend
i ve purchased two sets about six months ago and had a chance to use every piece . 
i absolutely loved the case !  i love that it is pink and protects my iphone . 
now that i m aware of it ,  i always double check to make sure it s properly hinged . 
plain rounds on one end and fluted rounds on the other give you a total of ten options . 
i wanted to get off the proton pump inhibitor because of the side effects . 
it s pretty big too .  .  . double check measurements before you buy . 
i really like other zyliss products that i have bought in the past ,  and these are no exception . 
the attachments are great for removing dirt in higher areas i . e . 
ive been looking for a case for my white verizon num_extend for a while now . 
he stood ,  leaned over the hole ,  and fell out head first . 
i bought one of these from another seller a couple of months earlier . 
the first week s body count was num_num on neck breakers ,  oneelectrocuted . 
it would not stand up to any hard or even moderate use . 
i have not had any problems with this dish and have had it for over num_num yrs now . 
i wear small sized opaque tights and they do not fit into the front pockets . 
sometimes the television channel hesitates or breaks up if cell phone reception is less than perfect . 
if you re not sure of how your skin will react ,  try using baby oil in your bath first . 
i never lose this because it stays around my neck . 
they really do taste great ,  leave a nice crema and run well through my jura . 
we figured this would be a cute toy that she would enjoy but we were wrong . 
contacted the company after working on this project with my granddaughter . 
originally i had this case before boxwave even had it . 
plus the olive oil and vinegar mixture cause the leaves to stick . 
this works great ,  i use it on my nightstand . 
the current version works fine and for less than $ i m happy with it . 
unfortunately ,  the post broke after a month and a half of usage . 
this item had some bad reviews . i decided to take a chance . 
i have used this a couple times as i spice grinder ,  and i love it . 
that s when i noticed they don t even look real . 
she really wanted a lite but comfortable sleeping pad for when we go on hiking trips . 
it also seems like a watch for a child . 
the prospect of being without espressos for a month brought on withdrawal symptoms . 
the clasp i just mentioned above is made out of plastic . 
i have gotten many compliments on it for my entryway . 
i may take it out of their cage for awhile and give it back to them another day . 
unfortunately we gave it away before we had the new guy . 
the diamond accents provide a nice grip on the back of the phone . 
as noted by others ,  the slime plugs up the schrader valve occasionally on new tubes . 
now i m using it up as a hand soap . 
i bought the num_extend litre which is the perfect size for two or four people . 
what a nice looking table solid and no marks on it . 
the num_extend and num_extend amp charger gave you a normal charging symbol on the ipad . the num_extend is more picky . 
there are simply some pro techniques and tools that no home unit will replace . 
just got this case in the mail a couple of days ago . 
and i use this one quite frequently for measuring liquids . 
finally we have the characters ,  who were uninterestingand didn t care whether they lived or died . 
since there were multiple companies selling the pa free butterbur ,  we bought num_num different ones that were different dosages . 
looks very sexy but the rhinestones fall off easy . 
what that translates into is that you ll use it much more often because of its simplicity . 
i ve maintained it by sanding regularly and treating with mineral oil . 
these have a hard time standing up ,  and one of them seems to have an opposable thumb . 
to sum up ,  if you want single player action ,  stay away . 
no matter how hard we pushed ,  it was really hard to actually get any bubbles to come out . 
personally i think the issue is widely overblown . 
my fault that i didn t catch the  one  word in the description . 
its a total compelty different one . doesnt look nothing like this the one i recieved . 
get espn num_num becuase its better then this lame title . 
this case is a nice case ,  but ,  it could be a lot better . 
extremely difficult to get on and off the phone . 
this case is neat and very very colorful . 
the cut scenes look really good with the exception that there is no blood . 
after only wearing a few times the face of watch became horribly scratched . 
unfortunately i wore it before all of the above sank in ,  so i m stuck with it . 
my version had no way of getting in to clean it . 
imagine opening the lid and having all the moisture run to the back hinge of the lid . 
either they were both accurate ,  or both inaccurate the the exact same degree . 
i guess i ll break this thing up into catagories .  .  . graphics :  perfect example . 
and with that ,  it is able to take pictures in gray  black and white  ,  negative ,  sepia ,  and sketch . 
saw the roaster on america s test kitchen and ordered itthe same day . 
i also haven t had any problems with rust like i have had with some of my cookie cutters . 
the quality is better than i expected for the price that i paid . 
a fun way to make tasty ,  perfect cookies . 
this thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices . 
i had my first chance to try this today ,  killing a wasp that got in the house . 
i have no idea why and this is very annoying . 
this one fit the bill and looked pretty good . 
the phones are very comfortable to wear and fold up easily for compact storage in the provided case . 
italian love affair didn t apply nicely on my finger nails as other opi polishes . 
comfortable but it could use an adjustment option cause i have a huge head . 
i am in love with this coffee pot . 
anyone have some cake we can borrow ?  thanks . 
used this for a year and it made my eczema so bad it gave me new patches of it . 
i was very impressed with the look of this compared to the motorola roadster num_extend
arrived well packed in its own box in a timely fashion . 
before getting this ,  i was always trying to find a place for the iron to cool . 
i feel a little cheated . wilton num_num num_num master decorating tipthe rating gets one star off after all this . 
i expected better ,  and will keep looking for some application where it eases a cleaning chore . 
i moved the ball with my finger nail and everything went back to normal . 
i tried to make one but was unsuccessful . 
only one side clicks shut ,  leaving the other side freely open . 
you can fill it with the lid shut as well as open ,  a thoughtful feature . 
if you have ever had even a decent cheap rice cooker before ,  you ll be shocked at this product . 
it s not silicone ,  it s more like rubbery plastic . 
my husband and kids don t like the smell and my dog barked at me . 
you must have the strawberries and whip cream ready for the first batch . 
i m going to have to give up on glamorise . 
after maybe num_num uses ,  it showed signs of corrosion . 
this one doesn t even come close to the quality of the old stuff . 
i recharge it each night and it last all day with no issues . 
charging in the car and at work . no problems . 
yet a lot of buyers will think to get the short arrows for the smallest archer s and their bows . 
the seller got the item to me quickly with free shipping . 
the handle is very soft and has finger and thumb indents at the top for very comfortable holding . 
most other brands are cut just a little too large for me . 
i have used this particular box and am almost thru it . 
i added heavy duty tape to keep it in place one night ,  when going out with a date . 
she does not shut off until you pick her up again and flip the switch . 
i bought it specifically for flax seeds ,  but it works for other spices as well . 
no problem ,  it ll only take a minute for me to research this . 
i read on the web that this was good for cleaning stainless steel sinks . 
the squeaker is a major choke hazard for any size dog and if ingested could be deadly . 
i watched youtube video s for how to s and followed the instructions . 
if i decide to use it for whatever reason ,  i ll add to this . 
took forever but i finally got the correct beater for the num_extend
the shaft which goes into the ground is very solid and the whole unit is simple . 
it shampoos fine ,  but num_extend it is not a steam cleaner . 
i am going to order this case in a few more colors !  . 
this toy takes up too much room and is too much money . 
amazon made a screaming deal on these within the past month . 
but then again ,  i do use this machine quite a lot . 
i hate to say this is not what i expected and the best i found . 
i really did not expect much of a knife for the inexpensive price . 
it just doesn t feel as safe as my old one . 
we have loved every nature s path product we ve tried up to this point ,  but geez . 
i am just warning you ,  buyer beware on this product . 
the use of sound and light  or lack of them  was excellent as well . 
needless to say ,  it did not load or read the disc i bought new from gamestop . 
a perusal of the linksys web site was met with equal frustration . 
there are no sights on this gun ,  and the scope shoots way too high . 
this is the second presto pressure canner i ve owned . 
the only redeeming factor is that the melted top doesn t seem to affect the functionality . 
it took forever to get here and when it did it never worked . 
i must say ,  this bionaire is much better; i like the remote control . 
and it is nice and easy to maneuver . 
still have two to go ,  so will probably have new phone before i get to them . 
personally ,  i think this product is best for dudes who need a little bit of control and some shine . 
i would like itif it held up ,  and iot didn t . 
the xentris charger works perfectly with my galaxy nexus . 
got mine today after waiting for it to come off back order . 
this will work for any type of broad macaroni . 
it s been a real workhorse in my kitchen for num_extend years and counting . 
i thought that would be the perfect place to hang one of these . 
i love hearts so i was really excited to get this case . 
in addition ,  it gets filthy easily and oils don t clean off as easily as i would have expected . 
my baby loves to play with them in the bath . 
product arrived and it was already passed the expiration date . 
btw ,  amazon has a great ceramic hand grinder here too ,  as well as the best low cost espresso maker . 
after an hour i have to remove them due to the pain when the headphones squeeze my head . 
it was at that time rated by up to four or fewer stars on the package to indicate quality . 
anything can be used as a weapon :  plants ,  skateboards ,  chainsaws ,  guns ,  lumber ,  golf clubs ,  etc . 
that pins you against either num_num human or computer controlled characters . 
and the some of the wrestler s entrance themes are off . 
but it works very good and i m glad i bought one . 
the move to overseas production has really hosed up the quality of these jeans ,  though . 
writing this now with my ampen on an ipad . 
hunter humidifiers seem to be a hit or miss type of product . 
i bought this particular strainer because another reviewer was pleased with its preformance . 
if you must have this game then wait until it hits the bargain price range $ at best  . 
but i kind of think that is the way they are supposed to be  maybe  . 
the only problem is that the steam should be stronger . 
i have not broken a single piece in that time . 
jar is indispensable if you are going to blend decent volumes of soup . buy this product . 
it buffers sometimes with videos when i have like num_num bars or less . 
i got these today .  . and tried to put on car . 
i used it several times ,  it worked great . 
worked for about num_num months and then just stopped working . 
the food included in this kit contains rice ,  soybean meal ,  wheat ,  and beetpulp . 
the plastic interior shell is too hard to properly protect the phone . 
i m oxo obsessed so i would highly recommend this . 
the other one i bought was a thermoworks timer and i should have just bought num_num of those . 
coffee never made the same amount of coffee as the water i used . 
fully useable terrain ,  climb mountains ,  swim ,  get lost in the num_extend
wasted num_num days trying to set up wireless . 
this did not work as well for me as expected . 
no freezer burn . i hope this company never goes out of business . 
my sister in law bought this for my daughter for her first birthday . 
even tied to the curtain rod it still swayed back and forth . 
it s smaller than your average masher and very sturdy . 
recharging ?  please . if you don t have bluetooth in your car this is a really good alternative ,  however . 
i really like the design and look of this case . 
i don t always want to lug that around for a quick clean up . 
once you pick it up ,  you ll be amazed . 
you just can t go turn another radio on when you using satellite . 
not sure what activision was thinking by putting this out . 
i like that they are dishwasher safe and the blades being stainless steel will never rust . 
the router has to be reset every day . 
there is no other blender in this price range that dares to compare itself with this one . 
this tapenade tastes of vinegar and vegetable oil ,  but sadly not of olive oil . 
i needed something a little better than the sharpener on my can opener ,  and this fills the bill . 
the funnel is fun to use and creates a beautiful effect into a wine carafe . 
same smell came from the bison flavor as well . 
as a zester ,  it is the best i have ever used . 
great value !  to buy these in stores they want way to much money . 
i do not recommend this ,  would not buy again ,  and i hope this helps someone . 
so this was not a great product and the reviews never mentioned this . 
this thing works so well i have to turn the volume down . 
this model fits comfortable and i begin using sincronized with my lumia num_extend
i knew they wouldn t be creamy because they lacked dairy ,  but they had a weird look and consistency . 
the adjustable volume control consists of two well separated buttons ,  which are easy to find and manipulate . 
i have it set up toswitch easily between skype on my laptop and my cell phone . 
i bought this to record videos onto dvds . 
you snap the halves into place and they stay on firmly . 
after one cycle ,  my shun santoku had large pieces missing from the blade . 
it has a good weight and feel in my hand  i m a woman ,  aged num_extend
i enjoy brewing coffee at home and buy a variety of brands in varying price points . 
i naturally gravitate towards larger ,  clunkier items that suit my large frame . 
the hot air is not really hot enough to have any effect on thick or coarse hair . 
i received this cutting board as a gift about a year and it has held up very well . 
check how far your spout sticks out from the wall first . 
the cuisinart is too big to handle small amounts of most things . 
i charged it overnight and gave it a try . 
i m not sure about the brand name because no name was on them ,  but they completely sucked . 
we have much better results using the iq ball . 
it charged my iphone and my ipad on one charge of the battery pack . 
sometime it doesn t work even though are only inches away . 
the handle is very pretty and has a good grip . 
i purchased this scooper a few months ago and have used it several times since then . 
i can honestly say it makes the best home popped popcorn i have ever had . 
i had to remove all my music from my phone to correct the problem . 
i saw this ,  the price is great and it works like a charm . 
i m forever looking for products that will moisturize it without weighing it down . 
they require you jiggle them or move them around to work after a while . 
peace of mind . i used a few external chargers before . 
i bought it to use with my uv light for when i do a french manicure . 
i m thinking about taking it out of my jeep . 
with this product ,  you just take your spray nozzle and it rinses so much better . 
i like the color but what i wanted was a soft cover to absorb more g forces when dropped . 
i ended up getting an oster egg cooker that did the trick . 
put this on my face and my dark marks got instantly darker so i stopped using it . 
sure ,  you battle a couple of foes ,  but you probably never will finish this game . 
i went on the zoe website to see how to read the code on the bottom of the can . 
as in ,  more easily than other plastic covers . 
too bad i can t ask for a refund . 
this is some sort of scam and amazon is doing nothing but letting it happen . 
several of friends and family have ordered them as well . 
buying another one because i always get compliments from friends ,  coworkers ,  and the ladies . 
some are super expensive and some ,  like this one ,  are reasonable . 
this case is such a joke !  !  very cheap made . 
in summary ,  this is a decent tasting tea ,  not the best ,  but not bad . 
two of them are not fixeable due to the design . 
low temp is usually enough to keep my kit around num_extend but your environment may be different . 
beware ,  the cast iron is hot and stays hot . 
these were rated so well and looked so unique online that i bought them . 
i may not have big ears ,  but they re not small either . 
other than painting it there is nothing more to do with it . 
holds a charge for days ,  even weeks ,  without diminishing at all . 
electric percs were too harsh flavored for me . this pot works great . 
my butt was brutally murdered by scorpion the second i came in . 
it is so easy to do and amazon delivers on their promises . 
after a few minutes in the bath ,  my skin began to tingle and burn . 
every shipment we get the cans are dented . 
if you hack the num_extend all bets are off . 
i even baked a pizza on the bottom tray and it cleaned up like a breeze . 
this is also the first sims game that i have played as well . 
michelin makes an outstanding stealth blade that has the frame enclosed with a plastic frame . 
it s great for boosting the audio when the kids watch movies . 
all cases wont fit with the shield protector on . 
this is like a handi vac with a handle . 
it always has air bubbles when it dries . 
i really like splinter num_extend is no splinter cell . 
i bought this for a gift and ended up keeping it for myself  :   . 
i was able to use pliers to re attach it but the quality is poor . 
all the others i have used have broken in use . 
the user controls permit the user to easily control the headset with minimal distraction and time . 
if you read the blurb regarding this product you will find that your pet will be ingesting  wholesale  ingredients . 
thinking i was sensitive i moved it to the living room but i needed to turn up the t . v . 
it cannot be changed to a google default . 
some people will react to it and others won t have any problem whatsoever . 
this was by far the worst nancy drew game yet . 
these go on easily ,  and don t get stuck on the bar or the curtains . 
the square shape is much more practical than the round stones . 
wearing them for any length of time leads to foot pain . 
i have it also on dreamcast and the sound and graphics are better . 
i have contacted seller several times to give them the chance to make things right with no response . 
found this great deal online and bought it . 
fast shipping ,  and arrived in us mailbox about num_num days after order . 
they come with num_num different sized rubber pieces for a customized fit . 
but i seem to be in the group of users who have an allergic reaction to this product . 
i asked if they guaranteed that was the problem and they said yes . 
they all said these jeans run a bit large . 
what struck me first about this knife is how wonderfully sharp it is . 
i like to go on long hikes or walks and listen to audio books . 
i had the standard one pocket holder on my dish rack but really like this one better . 
they sort of work for awhile ,  but they aren t worth all that money . 
after havin those assisted open crkt s though ,  carrying this will bring you sour faces . 
i use it to and from the range where it doesn t need to be packed with other things . 
that is the only redeeming quality about these tongs . 
so i m satisfied num_extend stars  but not quite delighted . 
i use the egg separator ,  which works quite well ,  to make my egg white omelets . 
i got this product for my daughter who is one of those proactive gotta have types . 
the filter holder is easy to remove and replace for an occasional rinsing . 
that one didn t work either . we are returning both players . 
by far the num_extend had the best otter box cases . 
great for a single person or a couple . 
okay ,  i can set the timer to turn the potatoes several times . 
wine grapes aren t very sweet and when you press them ,  you get a thick ,  sourish juice . 
i am so happy with the fiesta ware . 
i have cooked lasagna ,  pie ,  rice dishes ,  and cookies . 
my nails are very thin and weak ,  and i have a horrible problem with peeling in particular . 
the size is perfect size and holds dough so it doesn t spread larger . 
now we have a stylish looking grinder and it is always clean . 
over time ,  the length of the charge is getting worse . 
i am almost glad my old knife disappeared . 
it has a dial on the base to easily set the speed of the fan or turn it off . 
however ,  the fact that the fabric strap lasted me about num_num hours forced me to give this one star . 
second headset works perfectly with num_extend num_extend and moto num_extend
i wanted a second crate for crate training and bought this one because i thought they were comparable . 
in a pinch it can serve to make a good cup of joe with little else . 
everything was so small ,  especially the plates and cups . 
it is just your basic screen protector dont realy have anything to say either way . 
i keep this as a back up battery for when my phone dies . 
which reminds me .  .  . i use the cordless optical trackman and use it daily on a mac . 
my daughter was very happy with the selection she was able to make . 
couldn t be happier with it !  can be used in the oven or out on the gas grill . 
i love neutrogena products but was really disappointed with this one . 
i have never had one of these bust out . 
as though it didn t matter that i wasn t getting what i paid for . 
my son loved to play with this toy . 
this is still an okay fighting game though ,  which is why i gave it two stars instead of one . 
you see ,  some of your skills are raised per usage . 
if the watch isn t charged it is still readable at night ,  but barely . 
just tried this out on my blender for the first time . 
the first two timers are both working just fine ,  both on the original batteries . 
if you have slender legs ,  with large feet ,  look elsewhere . the truform medium fits ok but it s not very durable . 
plus artificial fruit put in milk just isn t a winning combination by any stretch of the imagination . 
too many of them are bulky or have an imperfect fit ,  but not this one . 
the only way i see fit to best describe this game is by listing the pros and num_extend
it worked ok for num_num weeks ,  then it fell off . 
i am in the process of trying to return mine . 
these are great to use when you are not canning but using the mason jars for other things . 
i have returned and ordered barely there comfort bra . 
i love the color red ,  and this chopper is so useful . 
we sometimes use olive oil for a special taste treat . 
i m disappointed to report that my unit blew out after a few days of modest use . 
i love it when i can consolidate the junk i have to carry on trips ! nicely done ,  jabra !  . 
though i ve found i m using it that often for small canning jobs . 
this pack has ended up being worse than my rechargeable batteries . 
the fact alone that it is held by sticky foam is not a good thing . 
i have purchased more nylon products to protect my nonstick cookware and my health . 
it was first brought to the market in num_extend then taken off and returned in the num_extend
easy to clean ,  good leverage ,  and stainless steel . 
had to remove it and replace it with the small handle from the old filter . 
i have ground a lot of coffee in it . 
until i recently got a new fridge with a deep enough butter section . 
i saw this whisk and figured it was worth a try . it definitely works great in my small pots . 
the second ingredient in these treats is organic dehydrated cane juice and they are far too sweet . 
my sister had accidentally washed our other ice cream scooper . 
no wonder she keeps having it muesli for breakfast . 
it s been there since the num_num version . getting the control menu to keep my settings took a few attempts . 
i ordered other num_num phones along with this . 
so don t assume from reviews that you will get a bad one that will melt on your dash . 
i love the three different bowls and all the attachments . 
it could fit on a guys arms whose is wider . 
they don t even really play with it the way it s supposed to be played with . 
i gave this razor two stars because it does work sort of . 
is it ? so ,  on goes my quest for a decent coffee maker . 
the fibrox handle is well worth the added cost . 
just wish the measurements more accurately reflected the actual space your dog has . 
i get tired of giant mugs sometimes ,  so that the tea cups a proper num_num oz . 
pushing it all the way in only produced hum . 
i liked that it came in white or black . 
on the first couple of tries ,  the bluetooth connections may not seem to work ,  but they do . 
the mildew odor was gone in minutes ,  as was the vinegar within an hour . 
i gave it to my husband because it hurts my tailbone . 
anyway ,  this looks good on my table and suits us for everyday use . 
one plug home or car fits all ,  num_num stars for a top notch product . 
now ,  instead of getting egg all under my fingernails i can use this spatula to flip them over . great huh ?  . 
the word  terrible  is cringing for having to be associated with this product . 
i ran all patches ,  changed video modes ,  changed compatibility modes and nothing would work . 
did this for a week and my feet are soft and amazing like they were in my num_extend
these new cases break when i open them ,  so far two out of three . 
i would love the loud ,  the size ,  everything ,  but doesn t fit carbon bikes . 
sound quality it top notch and the noise cancellation feature on this was amazing . 
it is also out of square in every conceivable way possible . 
speeds are adjustable and the cord is long enough for most jobs . 
it is not as loud as fan noise on a medium setting we have had in the bedroom previously . 
appication is easy as usual and it gives a good decent darker shine . 
they had to reset all of the software . 
i have tried it in all different types of food and this supplement is like appetite repellent . 
and honestly its good just eaten as a midday or midnight snack . 
you do need to get the chemex filter which you need to keep in mind when ordering . 
it was fully charged just not enough oomph . 
i took one bite and had to spit it out . 
the pockets are useless because the ends of the shawl only reach the elbow area . 
so once it was on the phone you don t want to take it off . 
i like brita but this particular model is not the best . 
honestly ,  this thing is so cute and small . 
absolutely the worst immersion blender i ve ever owned . 
the remaining coffee is pleasantly hot for at least half and hour . 
it does have a cutout for the proximity detector on the phone . 
the rubber cleaning pad made it very easy to clean all the little holes . 
loved this back case cover it looks really nice on the black iphone . 
the thick plates allow the cleaning with a use of an abrasive such as bar keeper s friend . 
its enough to keep your headset safe from the daily hazzards yet ,  small so it does not seem bulky . 
unfortunately ,  there aren t as many apps for maemo as there are for symbian or apple . 
maybe i don t get the point with this . 
since i received it i have never once experienced the anxiety of running out of battery . 
but i was so let down by this radio as it does nothing but play music and songs . 
i ve been using it to grind meat for making jerky . 
i did not get the large  fun  container . 
is very very good protection for the num_extend
at least that is what the game tells you . 
the material on this suit just did not hold up . 
i can t believe that i didn t think of this sooner . 
charge time is excellent and use tune is great as well . 
then ,  don t even think about touching your head for the rest of the day or it s going to migrate . 
i will ,  however ,  keep them and use them for purposes other than for a litter box . 
the desktop pc plugged into the router with a cable worked ,  but not the wireless device . 
easy to get off when i change out my battery . 
first of all ,  one large can of cleaner didn t even cover an entire num_extend rug . 
as others have said ,  these work fine and are inexpensive . 
this keyboard is a classic example of microsoft fixing what ain t broke and coming up with a white elephant . 
my loyalty to nokia has kept me out of touch . 
for the price i had little to lose . 
when it arrived i went to plug it in and noticed one of the prongs was bent . 
been searching quite a while for a good cup of coffee at home . 
to fill it ,  just unscrew the adjusting cap ,  remove the top and pour in the pepper corns . 
what a bad game !  it stinks !  the create a sims is half way decent .  .  . but it still stinks . 
she is not one to be rough with her toys ,  and it gave out very quickly . 
well ,  i thought i was buying a good product ,  boy was i wrong . 
i can change to look in my iphone as needed . 
the prime is fine for me to hear ,  but the microphone is terrible . 
its real small ,  i can easily place it in the front of my back pack . 
they both charged quickly during the car trip i was on . simply ,  this device works very well . 
that s not the case here . the box includes two screen protectors and templates . 
when i got these toys today ,  the dog ,  a cacachon ,  loved them . 
i threw it away and to me ,  i ll never buy it again . 
it does deliver on nostalgia ,  but it is not a fun game to play . 
it would make a great stocking stuffer for the baker on your list or for a bridal shower . 
and it does not have enough power to charge my extended life battery only the standard laptop battery . 
having the net gives you piece of mind for the evening and ensures a good night s sleep . 
thank you oster for continuing to make a quality product . 
the photosmart num_num works perfectly well with iphoto ,  as expected . 
this is the second one we purchased of this type coffeemaker . 
so i came to amazon to look for it and thought i found it . 
easy to apply if done correctly and perfectly clear once completely dry . 
the other is an odd ,  stunted plant ,  with misshapen leaves . 
the sooner you get the machine in there ,  the easier it is to clean . 
i purchased these to protect my tab and they work well . 
i think this is the differentiating feature that should make anyone s decision to buy this one a no brainer . 
i ve ordered more than num_extend because of the cool blue light emitted when plugged into my car . 
this brush is probably great for a cat that s accustomed to having his teeth brushed . 
i now only purchase phone cases from amazon because they have the lowest prices . 
wish i d just bought a more expensive one . 
in less than num_num minutes it s literally gone . my husband adores this scent so i did a sleepy time experiment . 
i have had this rice cooker for years . 
these screen protectors are very durable and are exactly as they say they are . 
once it comes off ,  the pump is useless . 
it s not gonna last forever ,  but it s really well designed . 
i bough this for a family friend when she graduated high school and she loved it . 
i baked banana bread in it and just used pam cooking spray and it was perfect . 
i was amazed at how well these pieces store . 
i don t appreciate a big company dirtying an otherwise great product with nasty chemicals . 
my only complaint is that it only grinds about num_num ounces of coffee at a time . 
i have num_num different jabras ,  a motorola ,  another plantronics ,  and various other off brands . 
i am big busted so this bra will probably work for those who are smaller . 
we are going to try the barleans  greens chocolate mix instead . 
while my house is for sale in pa ,  we are renting in ri and must keep expenses low . 
comparison to world s bestodor control :  better way wins . 
some things just cook better in cast iron . 
it s one of the coolest electric razors i ve seen . 
this a great phone case for someone who wants their phone protected but doesn t like flashy cases . 
you can set the hotplate for num_extend num_extend or num_num hours before it shuts off . 
wireless headphones need to be able to work for at least num_num hours to be useful . 
did nothing to correct the yellow tones in my hair . 
my coffee maker of choice is a num_num cup drip coffee maker with a gold cone . 
i loved the original suikodens and konami is better than this . 
judgment :  a novelty item without much practical use . 
which falls off far too many times a day to count . 
just yesterday my foot was on the wire and i stood up . 
i m not suggesting verizon has best coverage in your area . 
i prefer a more bitter and deeper chocolate flavor . 
i returned the product and got a refund . 
this tastes to me like imitation blueberries  it includes  organic blueberry flavor   . 
the half moon shaped handle is on each end away from each of the burners . 
i know someone who bought one of these and had good experience . 
the first mission took us num_num weeks to fufill . 
perfect size for novice bakers and chef alive . 
this is not a product for people who want  instant  ice cream . 
what it did was take the lashes i have and sort of glue them together . 
if you have a good diet ,  with plenty of fresh vegetables ,  not sure of the reason for this product . 
i will buy this again if i m able to used the large quantity up  :   . 
if it wasn t so cheap to begin with i d send it back . 
the plastic was broken when i received it . 
my fav  cd product is the hair milk curl shampoo . 
i bought num_num of these thinking they were actual doan s machine and tool bars . 
i repeatly removed and then inserted the batteries in the charger and only one charged . 
quality seems good and value was high num_extend weeks later . 
this scoop makes perfect ice cream shop scoops every time ,  and they never stick to the scoop . 
you can serve guests beyond two regular coffee instead anyway . 
i guess my dog just doesn t like the nylabones . 
i just don t get how some of these screen protectors can cost $ a piece . 
i like the size of this roaster and that s about it . 
got this water fountain as a replacement for one that i had for years . 
but i would have paid a little more to have an lcd screen my daughter  or anyone  could see . 
the item looks great but because of home repair have not been able to use it . 
the travel mug that comes with it is perfect for coffee on the go . 
they did send me replacements once ,  but for the wrong phone . 
i ve also learned to pour slowly to avoid the aforementioned dribbles . 
unfortunately ,  a replacement glass pot isn t available if this breaks . 
